From: Alain Forget nn

Sent: 11/18/2016 11:12:27 AM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: interesting

Importance: — High

Donald Trump’s newly named chief strategist and senior counselor, Steve Bannon, laid
out his global nationalist vision in unusually in-depth remarks delivered by Skype to a
conference held inside the Vatican in the summer of 2014.

Well before victories for Brexit and Trump seemed possible, Bannon declared there was
a “global tea party movement” and praised European far-right parties like Great
Britain’s UKIP and France’s National Front. Bannon also suggested that a racist element
in far-right parties “all gets kind of washed out,” that the West was facing a “crisis of
capitalism” after losing its “Judeo-Christian foundation,” and he blasted “crony
capitalists” in Washington for failing to prosecute bank executives over the financial
crisis.

The remarks — beamed into a small conference room in a 15th-century marble palace in
a secluded corner of the Vatican — were part of a 50-minute Q&A during a conference
focused on poverty hosted by the Human Dignity Institute, which BuzzFeed News
attended as part of its coverage of the rise of Europe’s religious right. The group was
founded by Benjamin Harnwell, a longtime aide to Conservative member of the
European Parliament Nirj Deva to promote a “Christian voice” in European politics. The
group has ties to some of the most conservative factions inside the Catholic

Church; Cardinal Raymond Burke, one of the most vocal critics of Pope Francis who was
ousted from a senior Vatican position in 2014, is chair of the group’s advisory board.
BuzzFeed News originally posted a transcript beginning 90 seconds into the then-
Breitbart News chairman’s remarks because microphone placement made the opening
mostly unintelligible, but we have completed the transcript from a video of the talk on
YouTube. You can hear the whole recording at the bottom of the post.

Here ts what he said, unedited:

Steve Bannon: Thank you very much Benjamin, and I appreciate you guys including us

in this. We’re speaking from Los Angeles today, right across the street from our

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029021