Notes from Aspen Strategy Group

US Policy on Arab Revolutions
TJP summary: Plenty of different opinions on what was done right and wrong. No

consensus.

Indyk: syria will spill into Bahrain and KSA (Saudi). We should have moved earlier.
KSA is a BFD.

Feaver (ex Bush): BO's obsession w anti Bush (especially wrt Iraq) has
unnecessarily limited Administrations ability to engage in Iraq which -as we see
now w Syria - is just dumb.

Dannzinger (ex Obama Admin): obama has done a remarkable job and the only
way he could have done better is if I had held a senior post in the Administration.
Kahl (ex Obama Admin) : Feaver is living in a fantsy world. BO couldn't make a
SOFA deal w NAM. He tried, but we had no leverage and Iraqis wanted to break
sense of occupation. So President went to zero based engagement and now wants
to build engagement w Iraq from zero base.

Flornoy: Feaver, you make me feel like I lived in a different reality. Did a good job
of articulating "lead from behind" strat in Libya. When you consider our national
interests in the context of our domestic condition, we did the best we could.
Zelikow: what are the top priorities of admin. Defeat AQ and avoid a "pre mature
war w Iran; avoid Iraqi civil war - Iraq is moving troops now to west; manage the
hot situations in ME.

Froman: "lead fom behind" is not admin policy. Leverage our resources and those
of our allies.

Hadley: now in era of big bets. We need to define our objectives and spot moments
when we should lead and take a big bet.

Maghan O: advancing our interests w a Lead from behind or a light handed
approach will only work if a numner of assumptions are accurate (eg Muslim Bro
will moderate; monarchy -KSA- will self reform). These are big assumptions and
therefore using a light hand may fail. Agrees w Hadly that there are times we should
take a big bet and Iraq would have been an example of that.

Indyk: we need to engage more in Syria. It is a regional lynch pin and lead from
behind won't work.

Feaver: Dannzinger is uncharacteristically wrong. A different approach 4 yrs ago
would have left us in better positions in Iran Iraq and Syria.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025797