Describe WE Talks, and why you believe it's different from other "empowerment
series."

WE Talks (“WE” standing for women empowerment) is an event series for female
entrepreneurs and professionals organized on a monthly basis. The idea of WE
Talks was to create an intimate environment where our attendees can build
relationships in an organic way, based on mutual interests and shared values. We
encourage our guests to learn not only from our speakers, but also from each
other, to connect exchange contacts, and stay in touch. WE Talks is a “safe space,’
where it is ok to express your vulnerability (most speakers on our panel address
not only their past challenges, but also the current pressing issues), and to ask the
community for support and guidance. We also hope that as our community grows,
our members meet future business partners, advisors, investors, and friends.

)

After attending many business events in NYC and internationally, | have noticed
that women are less likely to network and introduce themselves than their male
peers. That’s why, at every event that we host we try to make curated
introductions and make sure that each guest meets at least three people relevant
to her business.

Part of the inspiration for WE Talks was birthed from a negative experience at a
popular "empowerment" event. Share that story and how it motivated you to
start WE Talks.

Ever since | moved to NY, | have been searching for a community where | would
feel comfortable and could turn for guidance. A while ago, | attended a very
interesting and intellectually stimulating women summit aimed at empowering
female founders and helping them scale up. As the second day of the conference
was coming to an end, the participants were encouraged to publicly express their
take always. After a long hesitation, | asked for the microphone. It was a big
challenge for me, being terrified of public speaking and English being only my third
language. | am not sure whether my manner of speaking, or my accent was the
reason why the host cut me off after 10 seconds and asked to hurry. After not
getting the support | had been looking for from something that was described as
the most inclusive and friendly community, | decided to start my own. At WE Talks,
we are very inclusive and don’t make judgements based on your accent or physical
appearance. If you are driven, ambitious, thoughtful, and giving - you are always
welcome here!

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_022267