Date:

Thursday, July 26 2012 06:12 PM

Subject: Re: press

From:
To:

Quiet

Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>

On Jul 26, 2012, at 2:08 PM,

Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone

I told you I wasn't when you asked and then ignored me.
What do you need?

On Jul 26, 2012, at 6:23 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com > wrote:

I have not seen this, not my doing. as you guessed I am not very well.. I hope you are. 1 believe
in you.

On Wed, Jul 25, 2012 at 7:32 PM, PY wrote:

Iam glad to see you managed to find a way to improve your reputation in the press. Your concern and
charitable contributions are touching...

You forgot about everyone else your actions affected and the promises you made to fix it, but you clearly
make an effort to improve your own image with contributions you can parade in the press. Congratulations.
I suppose the few people who actually cared enough to put their lives and reputation on the line for you can
fend for themselves. I will never understand your priorities...

Have a nice trip.

News

Financier Jeffrey Epstein And Mount Sinai Hospital Support 3D Mammograms ...

PressReleaseNetwork.com (press release)
Financier Jeffrey Epstein And Mount Sinai Hospital Support 3D Mammograms For Breast Cancer. 25 Jul 2012 16:26 GMT - Financier
Jeffrey Epstein helps fund one ofthe few3D mammograms available around the world. /EINPresswire.com/The Dubin Breast...

See all stories on this topic »

Early Detection Of Diabetes In Teeth Is Funded By Columbia University And...

EIN News (press release)

/EINPresswire.com/ A recent study published in the Journal of Dental Research at Columbia University College of Dental Medicine

(CDM) and backed by The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation amongst others; found that a pre-diabetes determination can be made...

Premature Babies Aided By Music Get Backing From Harvard University And...

Einnews Portugal

Anewstudy by The Institute for Music and Brain Science at Harvard University on the benefits of music on premature babies has received
substantial backing from science activist, Jeffrey Epsteinand his foundation, The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation.

See all stories on this topic »

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_028760