From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 6/13/2018 2:36:34 PM
To: Karp, Brad S aS
Subject: Re: my suggested type of edits. lets talk

he is commited to not doing it - now , if any hint of trouble ill explain on the phone I had a long talk this
morning.

On Wed, Jun 13, 2018 at 10:24 AM, Karp, Brad S <> wrote:

Thanks. It's still quite challenging. Will speak shortly to Michael.

Brad S. Karp | Chairman
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP
1285 Avenue of the Americas | New York, NY 10019-6064

| 1 1://www.paulweiss.com

Bio: https://www.paulweiss.com/professionals/partners-and-counsel/Brad-S-Karp.aspx

From: jeffrey E.

Sent: Wednesday, June 13, 2018 9:37 AM

To: Karp, Brad S

Subject: Fwd: my suggested type of edits. lets talk

my suggested edits

---------- Forwarded message ----------

From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, Jun 13, 2018 at 7:51 AM
Subject: my suggested type of edits. lets talk

To: Michael Wolff <r >

The Special Counsel's office, nearly leak-proof since its inception more than a year ago and seemingly
immune to the President's constant taunts, might appear to be operating in some parallel universe unmoved by
the every-day political turmoil. But in the course of conversations I've had recently, as a I research a new book
on President Trump and the forces arrayed against him, what has become clear is that Robert Mueller and his
office are preparing for a life or death confrontation with the President and the mother of all constitutional
crises.

My discussions have been with both White House advisors and people close to the investigation. No source
involved in this story would speak on the record.

The sources firmly believe that Special Counsel has ready an aggressive legal theory for the indictment of
the president for obstruction of Justice. In the last few weeks, as the President has indulged his pardon
authority, the Mueller team has also developed a legal strategy to oppose the ikely pardon of former National
Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, who had previously struck a plea bargain which could include his testimony
against the President.

Robert Mueller, according to one person familiar with the Special Counsel's thinking, could hardly contain
his disgust when Rudy Giuliani, the President's new lawyer—hired to makes a television case for the President
and to push back against the Mueller team—in May airily dismissed the notion that a president can be indicted.
Adding insult to injury, Giuliani—who a White House source said had likely learned of aspects of the pending
indictment—said Mueller agreed with that assessment. White House sources believe Giuliani was daring the
Special Counsel to tip his hand. Mueller, in character, contained his outrage and continued to hold his cards
close as his team finished preparing the obstruction case and refined the legal theories under which it would

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030402