From: Kathy Ruemmler ee

Sent: 6/19/2018 5:30:40 PM
To: jeevacation@gmail.com
Subject: Indicting a President Is Not Foreclosed: The Complex History - Lawfare

Importance: — High

https://www.lawfareblog.com/indicting-president-not-foreclosed-complex-history

Indicting a President Is Not Foreclosed: The
Complex History

Can a sitting president be indicted? Often, in answering this question, commentators point to
Office of Legal Counsel (OLC) opinions answering in the contrary. To whatever extent the
writer agrees or disagrees with the opinions’ conclusion, the government’s position on the
matter is usually presented as a long-standing and clear “no.”

The reality is more complicated. The United States has addressed this question six times 1n
both internal memos and briefs filed in litigation. And a review of these documents shows
that it is far from clear what criminal prosecution steps are (or should be) precluded—and
that there is no “longstanding policy” against indictment of the president. Consider the 1973
OLC memo stating that a sitting president should not be indicted. Far from being
authoritative, it was essentially repudiated within months by the Justice Department in the
United States’ filing in the Supreme Court in United States v. Nixon.

Likewise, the most recent opinion—an OLC memo written in 2000—includes brief
statements that a sitting president should not be indicted even if all further proceedings are
postponed. But far from being definitive, this 1s a matter that could be reconsidered by the
department. Moreover, of course, OLC opinions are not binding on state prosecutors (though
state charges could raise federalism questions as well). The complex history of criminal
proceedings against presidents and vice presidents suggests that these issues are not
foreclosed.

Perhaps the most important point that emerges from a review of all the opinions 1s this: nly
once has the United States addressed the question of whether a president can be an
unindicted co-conspirator. The conclusion was an unequivocal yes. Richard Nixon was so
named in the Watergate indictment, and that inclusion was sustained by Judge John Sirica
and defended by the United States in United States v. Nixon. (The Supreme Court did not
resolve the question.) No department opinion or filing has ever contradicted that position.
The fact that it is permissible to name a sitting president as unindicted co-conspirator,
moreover, tends significantly to undermine the only argument against tndicting a sitting
president.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030200