From:

Sent: Friday, January 22, 2016 2:28 PM
To: Jeffrey Epstein

Subject: Help!

Importance: High

Since I need and at this point want to move off this breathtaking property, I want to be able to buy a home in
NJ, with $0 savings, = impossible. With salary and cost of living, I don't get ahead. Also my luck with men and
relying on a man for support is the worst idea. Average homes in NJ are $400-$500K ugh I also still have to pay
off student loan, ($9,809.74).

On Wednesday, January 20, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
what do you suggest?

On Wed, Jan 20, 2016 at 7:19 PM, i ote:

Happy birthday, I remember the few I had spent with you, good memories!

The problem is that you may appreciate my support but that doesn't help me. Yes, I told you I can't have
people coming here to ask about you and ex pals.... My landlord may shoot them. He is pissed. I need your
help. Out of all the people you should be helping is someone who actually genuinely cared about you.i realize
you're living the good life and I'm not your concern, but if you really appreciated my support then you'd help
me otherwise I don't know what I'll do.

On Wednesday, January 20, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
i appreciate your support is what i meant. has anyting happened recently? it is my birthday today

On Tue, Jan 19, 2016 at 10:46 PM, [iS rote:

Appreciate what? I'm not sure you do. Be back for what? Where? I don't need to be photographed. I am
trying to avoid that, hence the reason why I moved out here. I don't need people coming here looking for me
to give them information about you or the "people" I was documented with... It's not my property. I don't
think you get it.

On Tuesday, January 19, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
i appreciate it. I should be back feb 14,

On Tue, Jan 19, 2016 at 6:39 PM, [ii rote:

Because you were not available to meet me in person last year and at this point I don’t need to be seen. I can not have press,
media, private investigators, film companies, etc. contacting me or my parents and sisters at home or on cell/texts and or by
mail. I realize you don’t have much control over this, but you can at least help me to move. I can’t just get up and go like you.
I left the city to escape, make a better life and I am devastated these people found me and brought to light an association of that
I would rather them never to know. People think I was involved with something really bad and I lost a boyfriend of great
potential over this shit. I am still in debt over all these years, been working my ass off trying to get ahead, which you could
never understand I was even surviving off the pay I was getting. Well, its not any better. I dropped out of college because of
you (and GM’s) advice. Started working for a company you wanted me to and basically my life has has become hell since then.

1

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_022776