It’s an absurdly vast house, among the largest in Manhattan, but the
dining room is windowless, creating a hermetic or stop-time sense, broken
only by the household help ferrying in time-of-day-appropriate foods and
beverages.

In sweatshirt, draw-string pants, palm beach slippers, and half glasses,
Jeffrey Epstein sits at the head of the table. He spends most of his day in the
dining room, remote from the world, in front of a lap top and beside a row of
reading glasses (there are a lot of them in case, apparently, he misplaces a
pair, but being quite meticulous he never does) advising, or instructing, a
startling collection of the rich and powerful, slotted in on an hourly basis.

The apartness of Epstein’s dining room might seem to offer some
buffer in this leveled, angry age for a super rich man who attends to even
more fabulously rich men (and the occasional fabulously rich women). On
the other hand, with the paparazzi often posted near by, the outside world
seem dangerously close too. (Once I arrived for a visit and found several
police cars blocking the street and thought the worst—they’d come for
Jeffrey. But it was a security detail for a controversial head of state, also
visiting him.)

His subject for the morning 1s “hyper wealth.” His subject 1s always
wealth—how capital should react to the given global political, economic,
and cultural moment. The otherwise baronial dining room is disturbed by an
ever-present white board, on which he scribbles calculations and notes,
conducting perhaps the world’s most rarified economics class, often to many
of the world’s finance ministers and foremost economists.

Epstein’s apartness or parallel life reflects much of the other-worldly
characteristics of the wealth revolution that began in the late 1970s and that
continued through the Wall Street boom of the 80s, the tech boom of the
90s—surviving, to often bitter attack, the banking crisis—and that has now
seen the emergence of the international billionaire and oligarch class.

Epstein’s way to riches was to become a canny student of such wealth
as it’s grown to an unanticipated and disruptive scale. His stock in trade 1s
not precisely the making of money, but the issues that arise when money, at a
heretofore unimaginable rate, makes itself, altering many basic economic,
social and personal calculations.

He recounts a dinner he had two nights before. It is, like much of what
he does, a conspiracist’s fantasy. The six men at this dinner, all technology
entrepreneurs, represented, together, several hundred billion dollars.

“In the past, only governments had this kind of money,” says Epstein
making something of a pedagogical point, “money of a reality altering scale.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_022707