From: Jeremy Rubin

Sent: 2/4/2017 1:53:41 PM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Re: Greetings from Japan

Importance: — High
At digital garage

On Sat, Feb 4, 2017 at 8:00 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
where in tokyo are you lecturing? no im in new york

On Fri, Feb 3, 2017 at 11:18 PM, Jeremy Rubin hii wrote:
Are you around here?

@JeremyRubin

On Wed, Feb 1, 2017 at 7:56 PM, Jeremy Rubin ~~ =—tsi wrote:
Feb 12th.

@JeremyRubin

On Wed, Feb 1, 2017 at 7:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
how long will you be there?

On Wed, Feb 1, 2017 at 12:18 AM, Jeremy Rubin iii wrote:
Hey Jeffrey,

Thought I'd check in and see what's up on your end.

- I've been watching closely Trump's appointees and there, he might be putting Balaji (a big
bitcoiner) as FDA head, and Allison seems to be somewhat in favor of something like Bitcoin.
And of course, Thiel has said that Bitcoin is what Paypal should have been... Curious to hear
where your head is at on this matter.

- Last week, | presented my research at Stanford's BPASE, it was well received. The most
interesting thing | came up with for that is an inverse-input contract; i.e., funds that are "locked" to
be spent only in the case where there are other funds that are not used in a specific way. An
example of something that could be built with this: a matching donation contract, where you
agree to donate your money to charity if someone else donates to charity, and you would not be
able to release your funds from that agreement until they use their funds not for charity.

- I'm in Japan this week, teaching a class to 100 Japanese Engineers to get the up to speed on
bitcoin (with DG). It's very interesting to see the trepidation first hand that they have with respect
to the technology, despite their debit-based society being more geared for it in any case (DG felt
that even putting Bitcoin in the course name would scare away students). One of my friends (a
hedge fund manager) told me that female japanese engineers are very good, and drastically

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029092