From: Morris, Paul V

Sent: 1/15/2019 4:44:33 PM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Opportunity Zones

Attachments: image001.jpg; image002.jpg; image003.jpg; image004.jpg
Importance: — High

Hope all well, are you doing anything around these or clients?

In a former warehouse on a dimly lit street in the South Bronx, developers sipping Puerto
Rican moonshine listened as a local official urged them to capture a new U.S. tax break by
rebuilding the decaying neighborhood.

In Alabama, a young lawyer quit his job after seeing the same tax break’s potential to help
one of the nation’s poorest states. He now spends his days driving his Hyundai from town
to town, slideshow at the ready, hoping to connect investors with communities.

And on a conference call with potential clients, a prominent hedge fund executive pitched
investments in a boutique hotel in Oakland, which he described as San Francisco’s
Brooklyn. The project is eligible for the same tax break, designed to help the poor.

Betting on Opportunity Zones
Sales of development sites are surging in areas eligible for tax breaks
Source: Real Capital Analytics

Fervor about opportunity zones is heating up across the U.S. For a limited time, investors
who develop real estate or fund businesses in these areas are able to defer capital gains on
profits earned elsewhere and completely eliminate them on new investments in 8,700 low-
income census tracts. The goal is to reinvigorate these areas. But the question is whether
the 2017 tax law will, as U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin predicts, pump $100
billion into places that need it most, or if investors will play it safe by funding projects in a
few zones already on the upswing.

QuicktakeWill ‘Opportunity Zones’ Help the Rich, the Poor or Both?

There’s no lack of optimism among officials in shrinking Rust Belt towns, wind-swept
Western landscapes and hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, who hope to jump-start local
economies. The incentives are so flexible they could be used for everything from affordable
housing to solar farms.

Yet on the investor side, much of the attention is fixed on how to turn a profit in already
thriving areas. They include neighborhoods surrounding Manhattan, Atlantic beach towns
drawing vacation-home developers, bedroom communities near Silicon Valley and
anomalies like Portland, Oregon, where the entire downtown was deemed eligible for the

breaks.

“The phrase I keep thinking of is ‘gold rush,’ ” said Michael Lortz, an accountant who
works with developers in Portland. “There’s a lot of money from out of town that’s coming
here.”

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_016413