From: Lawrence Krauss

Sent: 12/11/2017 6:31:28 AM

To: Nancy Portland [a

cc: Lawrence Krauss x

Subject: Re: URGENT: BuzzFeed News inquiry re allegations of sexual harassment

Attachments: DA866543-7401-4A5A-8E50-FD32E33A50EC.png

Importance: — High

Second Draft:

I appreciate the opportunity to respond to your email. While I am running the risk that you will report my
comments, if you do, either out of context, or incompletely, Iam responding with an effort to be complete. It is
hard to know how to respond to a list of false and/or distorted allegations, along with misleading statements on
your part. I treat people I interact with with respect, and I work hard to support and mentor students, colleagues,
and members of the general public. I do not sexually harass people. If the purpose of your reporting is to
somehow argue that Universities and other institutions are lax in dealing with well known individuals like
myself, then in fact the situation is quite the opposite. My high public profile opens me up to more scrutiny at
these institutions, not less, and it also opens me up to a host of outside complaints and allegations that other
faculty do not receive, each of which the University has to respond to. The fact that I have remained a professor
in all Universities with which I have been associated, in good standing, and also an officer or an invited speaker
at organizations like CFI, which have strict harassment policies, is a confirmation of the fact that they trust my
behavior. I was asked to be an honorary director of CFI, and invited to their last 3 meetings to speak,
specifically because, as they have written me after the fact, the attendees universally appreciated my talks, my
courtesy, and graciousness in spending time with the attendees. If the purpose of your report is to impugn my
integrity or suggest I have a history of harassment, that too is false. As noted in one of your 'miscellaneous
facts’, as a scientist I try and remain skeptical, and rely on empirical evidence, rather than allegations and
innuendo. I also try and judge the facts in context. The fact that Universities and other organizations employ
me or have me on their boards, or invite me to meetings is because they value my contributions and my actions.

The items you list are false or distorted. Item 1 refers to a consensual encounter in my hotel room in 2006 where
we mutually decided, in a polite discussion in fact, that taking it any further would not be appropriate, and there
were respectful and platonic encounters afterwards. There is nothing to comment on in item 3, which involves
an anonymous 3rd party claim because I know nothing about it, there are no details provided, and it clearly was
not taken seriously enough to result in any university action. Item 4 is confusing. Are you saying that because I
decided I didn’t want to go out to a bar with a group of attendees that I was harassing them? The second part
did not happen. Re incident 5: The ‘female companion’ in this case is my wife, who can attest to the fact that
the claim is false, which is what I wrote at the time in response to the blog in question, causing it to be taken
down.

It is worth responding to Item 2 and 6 in more detail,

Re item 2: the student in question was interested in science communication, and on dozens of occasions came
to me or wrote to me with questions. When she asked about advice for after graduation I DID tell her she was
different than the other students in her year. The rest of them were interested in going on to graduate school,
but she was interested in science communication so I told her that she might want to take a different path. Since
she was the only woman in her year, as I recall, I did ask her on one of these occasions if that made it difficult
for her in any way. I asked, because as a faculty member I was interested in knowing what we could do, if
necessary to encourage more women to go into physics, and also because as someone she had asked for career

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031246