From: Lawrence Krauss

Sent: 4/6/2011 9:31:19 PM
To: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Fwd: Statement in the Daily Beast?

Importance: — High

Just so you know.. you can read from bottom up.. you may be mad that I was blunt... haven't heard from you..
hope all is well.

Begin forwarded message:

From: Rebecca Watson
Date: April 6, 2011 10:28:36 AM MST

To: Lawrence Krauss iii

Subject: Re: Statement in the Daily Beast?
Okay, will do.

On Wed, Apr 6, 2011 at 1:27 PM, Lawrence Krauss EY wrote:
ok.. I just sent an additional email which moderates this.. everyone was a victim, including Jeffrey here.. and
there was no happy resolution.. please add.. "probably everyone was a victim, with no happy resolution or
consequences of these activities", after "was the victim in this case.".

On Apr 6, 2011, at 10:18 AM, Rebecca Watson wrote:

Okay, thanks for this statement . . . I'll print it in full along with the article, probably today. I very, very
strongly disagree with your position and hope you eventually reconsider, but I do appreciate you taking the
time to respond.

-R

On Wed, Apr 6, 2011 at 1:15 PM, Lawrence Krauss otc:

jeffrey apparently paid for massages with sex... I believe him when he told me he had no idea the girls were
underage, and I doubt that people normally are asked for or present a driver's license under such
circumstances... Moreover, I also believe that Jeffrey is an easy target for those who want to take advantage of
him... Moreover, I can say with great honesty that Jeffrey's time in prison led him to seriously examine his
life in very positive ways and I don't believe in blanket condemnations of people. He served time for
something that was determined was inappropriate. I honestly don't know who was the victim in this case. I
fully expect that these masseuses knew what they were doing, and were not swayed to do anything with
Jeffrey that they were not already doing. That is not to approve of the whole behavior, but lots of peoplel
know and like have behavior I don't entirely approve of.. I know it is not politically correct to say that,
because in general this is a very sensitive issue and all other things being equal one should take the side of the

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030895