The New Origins Project Presents:
Strange Bedfellows:
Culture, Meet Science/Science, Meet Culture

This series will bring together cultural icons, celebrities, movie stars, directors, writers and
musicians with famous scientists to talk about commonalities and differences. Each
segment will be moderated by scientist/author/provocateur Lawrence Krauss, who has
spent much of his career successfully crossing the chasm separating science and culture.
When at Arizona State University, the Origins Project he created and led for a decade there
produced singular events in which over 3000 people would regularly attend live, and up to
500,000 people would watch the recorded events to hear dialogues and panels, to be
entertained and informed.

First Season (Proposed—23 participants have already agreed in principle)

i.

De
a

a

a he

Johnny Depp, Courtney Love, Michael Manson talk creativity in music versus
creativity in Science with Nobel Laureates Frank Wilczek and Yuval Hoffman.
Woody Allen talks about the human condition with Linguist Noam Chomsky.

Ricky Gervais and Astronomer Royale, former President of the Royal Society, Martin
Rees.

Sarah Silverman and Nobel Prizewinning economist Paul Krugman.

William Shatner and Nobel Prize winning physicists Kip Thorne/ Steve Weinberg or
Elon Musk.

Director Werner Herzog, Cormac McCarthy, with biologist Svante Paabo.

Jan McEwan and Nobel Laureate Biologist Elizabeth Blackburn.

Barack Obama and psychologist Steven Pinker.

Director Alex Garland and IT computer scientist Eric Horvitz/Larry Page

0. Actor Bill Pullman and Nobel Prizewinning economist/psychologist Danny

Kahneman.

11. Actor/writer Stephen Fry and Psychologist Robert Sapolsky
12. Actress Andie Macdowell and Evolutionary Biologist Richard Dawkins

The series will bring together Krauss and the directorial team that produced the Feature
Documentary The Unbelievers. Each episode will be shot in a beautiful location in a
different city around the world. We will go where the participants live, or work.

Format will be moderated discussion. Krauss will introduce each participant and begin the
episode by asking some questions to provoke discussion. The participants will be
encouraged whenever possible to dialogue with each other as well. The dialogues will take
place among live audiences in beautiful theaters around the US and UK. We will take one or
two questions from the audience to end the program before the program ends.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_023121