THE WHITE HOUSE

WASHINGTON
February 2, 2018

The Honorable Devin Nunes

Chairman, House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence
United States Capitol

Washington, DC 20515

Dear Mr. Chairman:

On January 29, 2018, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (hereinafter “the
Committee”) voted to disclose publicly a memorandum containing classified information
provided to the Committee in connection with its oversight activities (the “Memorandum,”
which is attached to this letter). As provided by clause 11(g) of Rule X of the House of
Representatives, the Committee has forwarded this Memorandum to the President based on its
determination that the release of the Memorandum would serve the public interest.

The Constitution vests the President with the authority to protect national security secrets from
disclosure. As the Supreme Court has recognized, it is the President’s responsibility to classify,
declassify, and control access to information bearing on our intelligence sources and methods
and national defense. See, e.g., Dep’t of Navy v. Egan, 484 U.S. 518, 527 (1988). In order to
facilitate appropriate congressional oversight, the Executive Branch may entrust classified
information to the appropriate committees of Congress, as it has done in connection with the
Committee’s oversight activities here. The Executive Branch does so on the assumption that the
Committee will responsibly protect such classified information, consistent with the laws of the
United States.

The Committee has now determined that the release of the Memorandum would be appropriate.
The Executive Branch, across Administrations of both parties, has worked to accommodate
congressional requests to declassify specific materials in the public interest.! However, public
release of classified information by unilateral action of the Legislative Branch is extremely rare
and raises significant separation of powers concerns. Accordingly, the Committee’s request to
release the Memorandum is interpreted as a request for declassification pursuant to the
President’s authority.

The President understands that the protection of our national security represents his highest
obligation. Accordingly, he has directed lawyers and national security staff to assess the

' See, e.g, S. Rept. 114-8 at 12 (Administration of Barack Obama) (“On April 3, 2014 . . . the Committee agreed to
send the revised Findings and Conclusions, and the updated Executive Summary of the Committee Study, to the
President for declassification and public release.”); H. Rept. 107-792 (Administration of George W. Bush) (similar);
E.O. 12812 (Administration of George H.W. Bush) (noting Senate resolution requesting that President provide for
declassification of certain information via Executive Order).

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026248