PRAISE FOR

The 4-Hour Workweek

“It’s about time this book was written. It is a long-overdue manifesto for the mobile lifestyle, and
Tim Ferriss is the ideal ambassador. This will be huge.”

— JACK CANFIELD, cocreator of Chicken Soup for the Soul®, 100+ million copies sold

“Stunning and amazing. From mini-retirements to outsourcing your life, it’s all here. Whether
you’re a wage slave or a Fortune 500 CEO, this book will change your life!”

— PHIL TOWN, New York Times bestselling author of Rule #1

“The 4-Hour Workweek is a new way of solving a very old problem: just how can we work to live
and prevent our lives from being all about work? A world of infinite options awaits those who
would read this book and be inspired by it!”

— MICHAEL E. GERBER, founder and chairman of E-Myth Worldwide and the world’s #1 small
business guru

“This is a whole new ball game. Highly recommended.”

—DR. STEWART D. FRIEDMAN, adviser to Jack Welch and former Vice President Al Gore on
work/family issues and director of the Work/Life Integration Program at the Wharton School,
University of Pennsylvania

“Timothy has packed more lives into his 29 years than Steve Jobs has in his 51.”

—TOM FOREMSKI, journalist and publisher of Silicon ValleyWatcher.com

“If you want to live life on your own terms, this is your blueprint.”

— MIKE MAPLES, cofounder of Motive Communications (IPO to $260M market cap) and founding
executive of Tivoli (sold to IBM for $750M)

“Thanks to Tim Ferriss, I have more time in my life to travel, spend time with family, and write
book blurbs. This is a dazzling and highly useful work.”

—A.J. JACOBS, editor-at-large of Esquire magazine and author of The Know-It-All

“Tim is Indiana Jones for the digital age. [ve already used his advice to go spearfishing on remote
islands and ski the best hidden slopes of Argentina. Simply put, do what he says and you can live
like a millionaire.”

— ALBERT POPE, derivatives specialist at UBS World Headquarters

“Reading this book is like putting a few zeros on your income. Tim brings lifestyle to a new level

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_013796