Richard Madigan, Chief Investment Officer, J.P. Morgan Private Bank

A brief introduction (and a promise)

For those of you who don’t know me from my former
position as Chief Investment Officer of the Global Access
Portfolios, where | oversaw $16 billion in private and
institutional client assets, | want to briefly introduce
myself in my new role as Chief Investment Officer of the
J.P. Morgan Private Bank.

I've been part of the investment and strategy team at the
Private Bank since 2004, when | returned to the firm to work
with Michael Cembalest as he assembled a global strategy
team to work on behalf of private clients. | was responsible
for global multi-asset investment strategy and asset
allocation for our international clients before taking on the
role as ClO for Global Access.

During my time with Global Access, | wrote a regular
investment strategy note, Market Thoughts, which we sent to
clients globally. In my new role, | want to re-establish the
discipline of putting pen to paper around our market views:
what we are thinking, what we are seeing as core investment
themes, and how we are investing across global markets.

There is nothing more humbling than writing down and
clearly explaining what you think, and why, about the world
and markets. | have a well-established practice with our
family physician: | promise not to confuse him with
investment nonsense if he promises not to do the same with
medical gibberish. | promise the same clarity with
this note.

Same as it ever was

“Once in a Lifetime” is a song by the band Talking Heads. It
has come to mind repeatedly as I've listened to the media
talk about the recent U.S. elections. There is a line in the
song that keeps repeating the phrase “same as it ever was,”
which seems to be, post-election, where we’ve landed.

The United States just ran a national election where an
estimated $6 billion was spent campaigning. The result
across Congress, state governorships and the presidential
popular vote was effectively a 50/50 split. Ironically, an
election this important is supposed to help bring
direction and clarity, and instead we have continued
short-term uncertainty. We believe that will translate
into a market that trends higher over the next 12 months,
but with air pockets.

Right now, the most important policy debate and air
pocket is around the fiscal cliff. The good and bad news is
we have to see movement in the next few months. There
isn’t a choice. The one thing that did ring clearly from the

J.PMorgan

market thoughts

November 2012

U.S. election is the degree of frustration around partisan
bickering and policy inaction. This was Obama’s last
campaign, so he is playing for posterity. Congress recognizes
it is already playing to mid-term elections in 2014, and while
| never count on pragmatism from politicians, it’s actually in
everyone’s interest for the first time in three years to
work together. Everyone wins, and if not, has the other side
to blame come 2014.

Looking ahead

From a macro perspective, we believe the global
economy is bottoming, though we are likely to sit along
the bottom of a U-shaped recovery into early next year:
growing, but not yet inspiring. The immediate effects on
growth from Hurricane Sandy are going to need to be better
understood, along with how protracted a recession Europe is
facing. Markets reflect expectations, and already, data that is
less bad shows improved leading indicators, consumer
confidence and surprise indices. So less bad will eventually
be good; we simply need to see a trough in activity to lessen
market uncertainty.

Economic data has been surprising to the upside
Economic surprises; Index level

100 Developed

Markets

50

0
-50
-100

Emerging
Markets

2010

-150

2009 2011 2012

Source: Citigroup, Bloomberg. Data as of November 2012.

Global manufacturing and services survey
J.P. Morgan Global Composite PMI

2009 2010 2011 2012

Source: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Bloomberg. Data as of October 2012.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030840