I have up until now, not told my side of the story. My attorneys and PR people
advised me to just stay quiet, and it will all go away. I have received the same advice
for five years now. I realize my silence is now causing collateral damage to my
friends and other innocent bystanders. The time has come to let the hounds of
investigative reporters loose on those that, driven by money, have made false
claims, concocted malicious fabrications, and have expanded their fictions now to
include others in my orbit.

I was investigated for soliciting underage prostitutes. To be precise, girls under the
age of 18 who were brought to my house by their close friends who worked in local
massage parlors or strip clubs(West Palm Beach has scores of massage parlors and
happy ending places that routinely advertise in the same local papers that have
chastised my behavior)| see Palm Beach Post classifieds]. 1 am and have always
been a bachelor. eee massage parlor women, licensed massage therapists,
and women with no massage experience. | have never ever used force, coercion, or
in fact had intercourse with any of these women.

When the police investigated me, went through my garbage, searched my house,
they found sex toys, but NO cameras or camera equipment; nothing in fact out of the
ordinary from many homes of single men. There were never any photos of
underage girls. Never. A careful reading of any law enforcement document makes
that clear. The camera that was referred to in the search warrant, was the camera
installed in my house with the help of the local police to catch my houseman, John
Allessi; the same houseman mentioned in many articles. He was breaking into my
house and stealing money after being fired. The camera caught him in the act. These
cameras were the only cameras at my house; security cameras.

The local state attorney, after conducting an extensive investigation and
interviewing the girls herself, a sex crimes prosecutor with over 13 years
experience, and who had herself authored the more tough legislations dealing with
sex crimes, said in her own words, “There are no real victims here. The girls knew
they were going to a house in Palm Beach, they had their boyfriends or family
members drive them to the house and wait outside, and then they encouraged their
friends to go.” Many of the girls interviewed were in their mid twenties, some in
their early thirties, and some younger than 18. The girl that the newspapers have
referred to as a fourteen year old told the police that she had repeatedly told me
that she was 18 and a senior in high school, like many of the massage parlor girls
told me, and in her own words to the police, said the reason she said she was 18 was
that she was told if she didn’t, MR EPSTEIN would not let her in the house. These
reports are available.

The state attorney offered me to take a plea to aggravated assault with only
probation. My attorneys told me that it would be forever a blight on my record, and |
should refuse the deal. I did so. The state attorney, Barry Krisher, took the unusual
step of bringing the facts before a state grand jury. In Florida, this happens most
often in capital murder cases, not prostitution in someone’s own home. To be
certain that the public would not criticize the outcome, the state grand jury was
given all the evidence and returned a verdict of Solicitation of Prostitution.
Solicitation, a non-registrable offense which carries with it a sentence of mandatory

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025540