Tne

GIory
Of Golo

Uber publicist Peggy Siegal has been
attending the Academy Awards for three
decades—not to mention the oodles of
parties and sensational events leading
up to the ceremony—and chronicling
her escapades with
stars and star-makers
for AVENUE has
become a tradition.
This year, she sets
the stage for the big
night with the behind-
the-scenes scoop on
the fierce competition
that ends when Oscar
is presented. Here, she reports on the
Hollywood glamour, excitement and social
shenanigans, including celebrating with
Colin Firth, Jesse Eisenberg, Elton John,
Oprah Winfrey and many more.

photographs by PATRICK MCMULLAN

64 | AVENUE MAGAZINE - APRIL 2011

addafi is hunkering
down in Tripoli, giving
press interviews, denying
that rebels are taking
over Eastern Libya. Oil
prices are shooting up over one hundred
dollars a barrel. The U.S. government is on the
verge of a shutdown. These are not the top-
secret opening lines of Aaron Sorkin’s new
script, but the global headlines of a world
spinning out of control as I head to Los
Angeles like an overdressed lemming to attend
the 83rd Academy Awards and attempt to
make sense of artists thrust into combat.

For the second year, nearly 6,000 Academy
members have nominated 10 films and the
battle seems to be pared down to 2. The
beloved instant classic, The King’s Speech,
marches into the arena as the frontrunner, but
passionate supporters of the edgier (critics’
darling) The Social Network have not conceded.
The ballots are counted, the party invites are
out and still the feelings are raw. Nominees are
exhausted from campaigning.

Woody Allen and George Lucas tell me they
are no longer members of the Academy
because pitting artists against each other to
determine the quality of their work is insane.
They are right. My event and publicity company
is considered Switzerland by the studios, as
we help every filmmaker to present his work.
However, this year, against my better judgment,
Iam somewhat emotionally sucked in.

In 2005, I met the unknown 32-year-old
English director Tom Hooper on his first film
for HBO, Elizabeth I starring Helen Mirren.
Helen later wins an Oscar for portraying
Queen Elizabeth in The Queen. Queen
Elizabeth is the daughter of King George VI,
portrayed by Oscar-winner Colin Firth in The
King’s Speech directed by Hooper. No degrees
of separation.

At the Telluride Film Festival, Tom Hooper
bathed in the glory of a hysterical standing
ovation alongside Colin Firth and Geoffrey
Rush at the very first public screening of that
film. Two weeks later at The Toronto Film
Festival, Harvey Weinstein stood with his
filmmakers witnessing the same reaction. The
film won The Audience Prize. Their strategy
was to say nothing, do nothing. They have a
possible Oscar winner—four out of five past
Best Pictures have premiered in Toronto.

Cut to New York City at the end of
September. It’s opening night at The Film

Society of Lincoln Center. One of America’s most important
and prolific producers, Scott Rudin, along with Jesse
Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield and Aaron Sorkin, are in a
brightly lit box waving down to their equally hysterical
audience who have just seen The Social Network. The film
opens the next day to rave reviews and endless publicity.
David Fincher is off making The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Aaron Sorkin becomes the face of the film and an immediate
shoo-in for the adapted screenplay Oscar.

The Hamptons International Film Festival in October
suddenly becomes a launching pad for 127 Hours, where
star-cum-Yale/NYU student James Franco appears. More
Oscar buzz. Producer/director Danny Boyle (Oscar winner for
Slumdog Millionaire) stays in London all fall directing the play
Frankenstein. Black Swan also unspools there in a tiny theater as
Madonna, Alec Baldwin and Harvey Weinstein slip in the
back. Darren Aronofsky is hailed a genius. Natalie Portman is
instantly the hot nominee for Best Actress. Both films are sen-
sations, but it’s The King’s Speech that wins The Audience Prize.

Mid-November: David O. Russell and Mark Wahlberg
sneak The Fighter in Manhattan. As their audience erupts in
cheers, I tell producer/actor Wahlberg, “Clint Eastwood is
going to kill himself for not directing this.” He says, “Youre
wrong. He turned it down because he’s done it. He’s seen it
and he loves it.” David O. Russell becomes my new Clint
Eastwood. Christian Bale and Melissa Leo are hailed the
supporting actors to beat.

True Grit, directed by the Coen Brothers and also produced
by Scott Rudin, finally throws its cowboy hat in the ring in
mid-December at the Ziegfeld as the last serious Oscar
contender for Best Picture. It gallops off to box office gold.

The Social Network now cements its battle cry with one
word: relevance. Mark Zuckerberg lands on the cover of
Time Magazine as “Person of the Year.” A smart and extensive
ad campaign positions the film in the lead. Critics and
pundits proclaim the race is over. Everyone goes on holiday.

This is one of the few times in Harvey Weinstein’s life that
he’s caught off guard. He quickly mobilizes an inner team of
15 and conducts strategy meetings 7 days a week, including
Christmas. They’re like a Chinese restaurant: always open. He
sends screenwriter David Seidler and Tom Hooper to every
corner of the country doing Q&As until they are both blue in
the face from “finding their voice.” SAG voters begin seeing
the film two and three times.

In January at the Golden Globes, about 88 foreign journalists
give awards to The Social Network for Best Drama, Director
and Screenplay. The film is still perceived as the Oscar winner
and nobody can stop the steamroller. Only Academy voters
disregard these awards.

The King’s Speech wins the PGA in L.A. Everyone is totally
surprised when Tom Hooper goes on to win the DGA. After
a tremendous amount of hard work by team Weinstein, the
actors win for the SAG Ensemble. The BAFTAs reinforced
their lead; the film is now the frontrunner. It takes the media
a few weeks to catch on.

|

ix

\

Graydon and Anna
i Scott Carter |
/
“ihe!

a

*

Sandra
Bullock

Tom Hooper

Carolina —

Herrera
Collin Firth and
Anne Hathaway

~ HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_012700