se)

BusinessWire

A Berkshire Hathaway Company

tl ROCKEFELLER & co.

Rockefeller Partners with Gregory J. Fleming to Create Independent
Financial Services Firm

Firm to Focus on Wealth Management, Asset Management and Strategic Advisory
Viking Global Investors to Back New Firm

October 04, 2017 06:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time

NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Rockefeller Financial Services, Inc. (“RFS”), the parent company of Rockefeller & Co.,
and Gregory J. Fleming have agreed to form Rockefeller Capital Management (“Rockefeller” or “the firm’), an independent
financial services firm focused on wealth management, asset management and strategic advisory. The firm will look to
build upon the 135-year history of excellence in wealth and investment management associated with the Rockefeller family
through the addition of broader capabilities and new growth capital.

Greg Fleming will become the Chief Executive Officer of Rockefeller upon closing. Mr. Fleming, a longtime financial
services executive, was most recently the President of Morgan Stanley Wealth and Asset Management and prior to that,
the President of Merrill Lynch. Viking Global Investors LP (“Viking”) will back the firm through an investment by one of its
investment funds. Financial terms were not disclosed.

“The team at Rockefeller Financial Services has spent years building the highest-quality investment management firm for
families and institutions,” said David Rockefeller, Jr., Chairman of RFS. “We look forward to Greg’s leadership and Viking’s
support to expand the Rockefeller platform and bring new products and services to our clients.”

This combination will allow Rockefeller to build on its distinguished legacy of serving families, including the Rockefeller
family, as well as foundations, endowments and institutions. Under Mr. Fleming’s leadership, the firm plans to expand its
asset management focus on global equities and ESG investing, add to its wealth management capabilities, and build a
strategic advisory business. Rockefeller will have four operating units: Wealth Management, Asset Management, Family
Office Advisory, and Strategic Advisory.

“| look forward to leading Rockefeller into its next chapter, backed by the Rockefeller family and my new partners at
Viking,” Mr. Fleming said. "This is an opportunity to create a unique independent firm focused on wealth management,
asset management, and strategic advisory."

Rockefeller will be owned by a Viking investment fund, a trust representing the broader Rockefeller family, and the firm’s
management. The ownership group anticipates making substantial additional capital investments in Rockefeller over
multiple years. This will provide the capital necessary for Rockefeller to execute its strategy, enabling the firm to broaden
its products and services and accelerate its growth.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_012048