From: Kirk Blouin

To: John Page

Ce: Police Code Enforcement

Subject: Re: ARCOM

Date: Thursday, June 26, 2008 2:09:06 PM
JP,

Here is a copy of the minutes from the April CEB hearing. Each month thereafter the case was postponed
because we were aware that it was being brought to ARCOM. Now that this matter has been resolved
with ARCOM we will proceed with a code enforcement case until the property is in compliance (meaning
they plant the shrubbery and hedges approved by the Town).

Sgt. Krauel or Rob Walton will be available on July 23rd as | will be attending a conference.

H. Case # 08-2484, 515 N. County Road, Trump Properties, LLC

Violation of Chapter 18, Section 18-205 of the Town of Palm Beach Code of
Ordinances, the Architectural Commission may attach conditions to any approval it grants
(Declaration of Use Agreement).

Lead Code Enforcement Walton presented the facts of the case and said the previous
owner of the property, Abe Gosman, had been granted approval by the Architectural
Commission to do some remodeling. One of the conditions of this approval was that the
hedge along the front of the property be maintained in the condition it was in at the time the
approval was granted. This agreement was a binding agreement, which passes on to any
subsequent property owner. The agreement was made January 31, 1990. The subsequent
buyer of this property was Mr. Trump, Trump Properties, LLC and some remodeling work
was done, removing the previous hedge. A new hedge was planted to replace the original
hedge and that one has now been removed. This is a violation of the agreement. A letter was
received from Mr. Royce, representing Mr. Trump, asking for a postponement of today’s
hearing. The Town does not feel this matter should be postponed.

Mr. Randolph summarized the letter from Mr. Royce which indicated the ficus
hedge keeps dying and they want to replace it with something different. They plan on hiring a
landscape architect to go before the next Architectural Commission meeting to get approval to
install a hedge in an attempt to meet the conditions of the declaration of use agreement. Mr.
Randolph said he had discussions with Mr. Royce and Mr. Walton and Mr. Royce was told the
Town could not recommend a postponement and the recommendation would be that they are
found in violation, assessed the $150.00 in administrative costs and be given until June 18th,
which is the day before the June Code Enforcement Board meeting, to comply. This would
give them the opportunity to appear before the Architectural Commission to see if they can get
approval to re-plant a hedge. The hedge has to be installed to the height which existed at the
time of the agreement which Mr. Randolph said he believed was twenty-two (22) feet. Mr.
Randolph said Mr. Royce was not present today because he had a planned vacation.

MOTION BY MR. FRIED TO FIND THE VIOLATOR IN NON-
COMPLIANCE, ASSESS ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS OF $150.00 AND GIVE THEM
UNTIL JUNE 18, 2008 TO COMPLY.

SECONDED BY MS. VAN BUREN

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_016690