Unauthorized redistribution of this report is prohibited. This report is intended for amanda.ens@baml.com

Japan Macro Watch
USD/JPY: Buy-on-dip cycle to continue; 115-

120 by end-2017

Buy-on-dip cycle continues

While we had acknowledged the risk of the “final JPY strength” this autumn on the Bo)'s
limit and US elections, it has been our view that the USD/JPY’s dips was to be bought as
the 100-105 level was where medium-term directional risk was likely to reverse to the
upside (Dollar's 100 Yen risk 02 March 2016). In our view, a Republican sweep would
first lead to JPY strength on risk aversion, but eventually be the most bullish outcome for
the USD/JPY. The price action last week — a shallow dip — tells us two things about the
USD/PY. First, the view that a GOP sweep would boost the USD/JPY was probably more
widely shared than we had thought, so a dip failed to stretch. Second, there may be
more potential USD/)PY buyers than sellers, which is in stark contrast to last year, when
there were many more potential USD/JPY sellers than buyers (Case for a stronger yen in
2016 18 December 2015). The “buy-on-dip” cycle in USD/JPY is likely to continue as we
expect the pair to reach 115-120 by end-2017. We remain constructive about Japanese
equities and see banks, insurance continue outperforming REITs near-term.

Higher US rates (esp. if steepening) to boost USD/JPY
USD/JPY performs best at the time of UST bear-steepening as better risk sentiment
reduces the JPY’s safe haven demand and a wider yield spread increases the USD
demand from Japanese investors (Exhibit 2). For our US strategists, the clean sweep
means fiscal easing and higher rates, supporting their higher real rate view (A win for
bond bears and USD bulls 09 November 2016). The USD/JPY has recently tracked real
yield spread closely (Chart 1), and the pair is gradually producing higher carry as
monetary policy is diverging between the US and Japan (Chart 2}. In Japan, fiscal easing
is also a possibility in light of reduced odds of TPP implementation and a potential early
snap election. Any positive impact of Japanese fiscal easing on growth is likely to
manifest itself in higher inflation expectations under the Bo)’s yield-targeting regime,
which means Japanese real interest rates can actually fall.

Watch Abe-Trump meeting - coordination or conflict?

Given the high uncertainty, clarifications on Trump’s policies on trade and currency will
be important for the Japanese market going forward. A potential Abe-Trump meeting in
New York this Thursday (17 Nov), as reported by Japanese media, warrants attention. We
suggested that Trump presidency could potentially reduce flexibility of Abe's political
and diplomatic strategy, reduce positive market risk from Japanese politics, and increase
negative risk from Japan's national security. But this is not known until we see actual
Trump presidency. If the President-elect shows an understanding for the existing Japan-
US alliance and refrains from protectionist rhetoric, it could reduce concerns about
deterioration of the bilateral relationship, supporting USD/JPY and potentially exporter
shares (though reduced odds of TPP implementation is unlikely to change drastically).

Trading ideas and investment strategies discussed herein may give rise to significant risk and are not
suitable for all investors. Investors should have experience in FX markets and the financial resources to
absorb any losses arising from applying these ideas or strategies.

>> Employed by a non-US affiliate of MLPF&S and is not registered/qualified as a research analyst under
the FINRA rules.

Refer to "Other Important Disclosures" for information on certain BofA Merrill Lynch entities that take
responsibility for this report in particular jurisdictions.

BofA Merrill Lynch does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research reports. As a
result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the
objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making
their investment decision.

Refer to important disclosures on page 6 to 8. 11686246

Timestamp: 13 November 2016 06:10PM EST

Bankof America
Merrill Lynch

14 November 2016

Investment Strategy
Japan

Shusuke Yamada, CFA >>
FX/Equity Strategist

Merrill Lynch (iapan)

#8] 3 6225 8515
shusuke.yamada@baml.com

Paul Ciana, CMT
Technical Strategist
MLPF&S

+1 646 855 6007
paul.ciana@baml.com

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_014424