From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 7/11/2013 3:22:21 PM
To:
Subject: Fwd: (s) 7/11, Atlantic Council (Hof): Syria: Blackberry Diplomacy

---------- Forwarded message ----------

From: Fabrice Aidan

Date: Thursday, July 11, 2013

Subject: Fwd: (s) 7/11, Atlantic Council (Hof): Syria: Blackberry Diplomacy
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

You'll find it interesting. Warm regards
Envoyé de mon iPhone

Début du message transféré :

Expéditeur: GBIU-MideastNews <GBIU-MideastNews@dentons.com>

Date: 11 juillet 2013 16:43:09 UTC+02:00

Destinataire: "Cheves, Belle" >,
"Gray, Alex" < , "Mahle, Melissa

Dr "Seche, Stephen A."
ee, "Dixon, Timothy”

>
Objet: (s) 7/11, Atlantic Council (Hof): Syria: Blackberry Diplomacy

Atlantic Council

Syria: Blackberry Diplomacy
By Frederic C. Hof

July 11, 2013

A friendly discussion about Syria with a former US State Department colleague gave rise to a point |
will not soon forget. "Fred, there's no time for policy deliberations about Syria or anyplace else. We
live in the era of Blackberry diplomacy. We react and we improvise as best we can.”

Anyone under the age of thirty reading the above would probably think, "Why in the world is the US
government using the Blackberry?" Those who turned thirty long before the end of the last century—
even those of us who try seriously not to be technological Luddites—wonder sometimes if the
communications revolution and the 24/7 news cycle it has spawned will end up doing more harm than
good to the progress of civilization and well-being of the republic.

Those who have had the privilege and burden of working in the US national security establishment
are well-acquainted with how hard it is to find time to think. This was true long before the advent of
email and other forms of electronic communication. Although there may have been times when
officials could contemplate great matters of state at something approaching leisure, those days have
been long gone. Even offices created expressly to explore policy options stretching beyond a twenty
minute horizon—the State Department's Policy Planning Staff comes to mind—routinely get pulled
into the maelstrom of daily struggles to manage breaking developments through some combination of

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030211