The Billionaire’s Playboy Club
By Virginia Roberts

To my true love Robbie who believes in me every step of the way and
to all of my children, you are all my very inspirations!

Chapter!

Every single person in this shared world together has a unique story of
his or her own to tell, this one is mine.

It was coming up to my third night camping out at Miami Beach in the
summer of 1997. [ was thirteen years old and hiding from a world full of
hurt. Sitting on the shoreline for hours watching the sunset fall deeper
into the horizon, my eyes were glazed over with tears, not from being
wind-whipped by the rough sea breeze, but from reflecting on the abuse I
encountered as a young girl and how everyone in my life who was
supposed to be there for me had now turned their backs on me in
abandonment. My fears crept up and the excitement of escaping all of
them faded now realizing how alone I really was now, and for the hunger
that was paining my belly. At this point, with nowhere to go and only
time to waste, I wiped the tears from my eyes and set out to find an
empathetic person that I could manage to get dinner money from. If not,
it wouldn’t have been the first time I had gone hungry for the night. |
walked to the nearest bus stop and asked a handful of people for any
spare change, none of whom that could help me. Sitting down on a
nearby curb disappointed in grief of my current state, I put my head into
my knees and began to sob.

Out of nowhere, it seemed, a black stretch limousine turned the comer
and stopped in front of the curb where I had been hopelessly lost. The
back door opened to reveal a heavy weight and balding, old man with a
big cheesy smile. Neatly dressed in black trousers and a collared shirt, he
was sitting next to a striking young, blonde girl, drop dead beautiful and
dressed in a foxy red mini dress she looked like a model just stepping off
a runway.

Their smiles greeted me warmly and he kindly asked, “What is such a
sweet little girl like you doing sitting alone on the street looking so
upset?” Shocked from this strangers concern | was hesitant in telling him
the truth. Reluctantly | decided to tell him that I was a runaway, not from
around here and really hungry. Hoping at most, I would get some money
for food from him. He instantly displayed a chilling excitement and
offered me to come into his car so we could talk some more. That

| Copyright Protected Material
CONLIDENTIAL GIUFFREO04 134

EXHIBIT 4
0 Copyright Protected Material

should’ve been my first queue to get out of there quick but with no where
to go, and so naive [ didn’t realize how much worse it could get. Setting
foot into that limo, I made my first entrance into a world that would
entrap me for many years to come.

He introduced himself immediately as Ron Eppinger, a businessman
and owner of a successful modeling agency, called “Perfect 10”.
Flaunting his oozing wealth by introducing one of his many girlfriends,
the beauty next to him was Yana, a supposed model from the Czech
Republic who looked like she could be in her early twenties with the
heavy load of makeup she was wearing, but really was only in her late
teens. She kissed me on both cheeks and politely satd “Hello” in a thick
Czech accent, making me feel a little more at ease. Convinced it couldn’t
be that bad there was another girl in the car, right? | couldn't be more
wrong.

What he didn’t tell me to begin with was that his modeling agency was
only posing for an undercover trade. By the time I found out f thought it
was too late to run. His business was really an illegal immigrant
trafficking ring of young women mostly consisting of underage girls that
he was using as escorts to make him uber rich. Only available to a
selective clientele costing them anywhere from $1000.00 and over per
hour of erotic entertainment, the girls were trained to fulfill every sexual
desire asked of them, no matter how bizarre the requests might be. The
high paid escorts, for Ron’s super rich clientele, such as Yana and many
other charismatic beauties would only benefit a fraction of their earnings
for themselves, Ron reaping in the majority of the financial rewards and
being they were all illegal immigrants they were further trapped by his
enslavement.

I proceeded to introduce myself, besides what he had found out about
me on the curbside. Telling him my name and a little about how I ended
up on the streets explaining that I could take care of myself and didn’t
need my family or anyone to look after me anymore. Looking back later
in life I can now admit I was ina terrible state, but being such a
headstrong teenager, I refused to give in. He asked my age and J told him
I was sixteen at first. He coyly replied, “Are you sure? I think you could
be telling me a fib? How old are you... really? I wont be mad” Being a
terrible liar, 1 knew had been caught out and couldn’t deny it any further.
I told him the truth and he chuckled then paused and answered in a very
serious tone “ As long as you never lie to me again I will take you in”
Right away | pondered to myself what did he mean...take me in?

He gave the driver the location of our destination and rolled the middle
window back up to then tell me a story of how his daughter had passed
away seven years ago from a horrific car accident in which four other
teens were killed and he has never gotten over it. | reacted with sheer

GIULFRLO04 135

2
AGREN BLANDO REPORTING
Blaie Iam

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_021145