6 The Virgin Islands Daily News

VIRGIN ISLANDS

Wednesday, December 5, 2018

Jeffrey Epstein settles one suit, but more to come

By CURT ANDERSON
The Associated Press

WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. A decade
ago, Florida financier Jeffrey Epstein pleaded
guilty to sex crimes involving underage girls
and got 13 months behind bars.

What the public and his accusers didn’t know
at the time was that he had secretly struck a deal
with federal prosecutors that spared him from
charges that could have put him away for the
rest of his life.

When the deal finally came to light years
later, it immediately raised suspicions that
Epstein — a man who counted Bill Clinton
and Donald Trump among his friends
and had some of the finest legal talent in
America as his lawyers had used his
wealth and political connections to win
special treatment.

Epstein is also a reskient of the Virgin Islands
as owner of Little St. James Island off the East
End of St. Thomas. He is listed on the VI.
sex offender registry as a result of that 2008
Florida conviction.

Allegations against him flared anew in
recent weeks as news organizations, led by
The Miami Herald, published interviews with
the alleged victims and took a closer look at
Alexander Acosta, who as the U.S. attorney
in Miami in 2008 approved the secret deal.
Acosta is now President Donald Trump's
secretary of Labor.

On Tuesday, a lawsuit that many had hoped

would expose some of the
lurid allegations against
Epstein by putting some
of his accusers on the
stand ended abruptly in
a settlement just as jury

selection was about to
begin.
 \ But the attempt to

get to the bottom of the
Epstein case and how he
managed to get such a light
sentence is not over: Some of his accusers are
pursuing a separate legal effort to nullify the
plea agreement and, they hope, expose him to
federal prosecution again.

“That injustice needs to be addressed and
will be addressed” said Jack Scarola, one of the
attorneys lined up against Epstein. “There is no
justification for the broad scope of immunity
that was granted.”

Epstein, 65, reached the non-prosecution deal
with Acosta’s office while under investigation
on suspicion of sexually abusing at least 40
teenage girls. Under the deal, he pleaded guilty
to two state charges, did his time in jail, paid
settlements to many of the alleged victims and
registered as a sex offender.

He could have faced a far more severe
penalty if federal prosecutors had pursued a
draft 53-page indictment that was never filed
and included sex trafficking charges.

Some of Epstein’ accusers are now arguing
that their rights were trampled under a federal

Jeffrey Epstein

law that says crime victims must be informed
about plea bargains.

One of Epstein’s lawyers, Roy Black,
has said there was no conspiracy to violate
victims’ rights, and the plea agreement was
“no sweetheart deal by any stretch of the
imagination.”

Even if the plea bargain is nullified, the final
decision on binging charges woukd rest solely
with the Justice Department.

On Tuesday, Epstein settled a defamation
lawsuit brought against him by a lawyer for
some of the accusers, Bradley Edwards, who
said Epstein tned to derail his representation
of the women and ruin his career. In settling,
Epstein apologized and agreed to pay an
undisclosed amount.

Edwards said some of the accusers — some
of whom say they were 13 or 14 when they
were molested were prepared to testify in
the lawsuit and may yet get their day in federal
court.

“They're willing to talk. They want to share
their stories,” Edwards said.

Congressional Democrats are calling for an
internal Justice Department investigation.

Rep. Lois Frankel, who represents the Palm
Beach area, said Tuesday that Epstein “allegedly
had dozens and dozens of young, vulnerable
women, young women taken to his house where
they were sexually exploited.”

“L think what has been equally shocking is
what I call an extreme minimal punishment for
this man without really any public explanation

Cancer Support Virgin Islands (CSVI)
sponsored by International Capital & Management Company®
provides financial assistance to U.S. Virgin Islands cancer patients.

as to why this happened,” Frankel added.

Acosta has not commented about the case
during the recent media coverage. He was asked
briefly about the non-prosecution agreement at
his Senate confirmation hearing.

“At the end of the day, based on the evidence,
professionals within a prosecutors office
decided that a plea that guarantees someone
goes to jail, that guarantees he register generally
and guarantees other outcomes, is a good
thing,” he said.

According to court papers, Epstein had a
Palm Beach mansion where girls were brought
for what they were sometimes told were
massage sessions, He allegedly had female
fixers who would look for suitable girls, some
of them recruited from Eastern Europe and
other parts of the world.

Before the scandal broke, Epstein was
friends with Trump and had visited the real
estate developer’ Mar-a-Lago resort. Trump
told interviewers that Epstein was “a great guy.”
Records also show Clinton flew on Epstein’s jet
more than two dozen times.

One young woman alleged in court
documents that Epstein shared her with his
friends, including Britains Prince Andrew, a
charge denied by Buckingham Palace.

Epstein’s legal team at various times included
such big names as Whitewater prosecutor
Kenneth Starr and Harvard professor Alan
Dershowitz.

Neither Trump nor Clinton has been accused
of any wrongdoing related to Epstein.

During October Breast Cancer month,
CSVI recently raised over $100,000.

Contact Charlene Kehoe at 715-5806 or 340-690-8952
if you need support in your fight against cancer.

SCSVI

Cancer Support Virgin Islands

All funds raised by CSVI are managed via the VI Cancer
Patient Fund of the Community Foundation of the
Virgin Islands - a 501¢3 charitable organization.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029518