Explosion

Move-in day was complete, Welcome Week had gone swimmingly, and the new academic year — 2015-
16-- loomed just ahead, filled with promise. Then came the explosion. A closely-watched rape trial was
underway at the McLennan County courthouse, a magnificent structure symbolizing the community-
unifying goal of justice. Justice for all. Sam Ukwuachu, a super-talented defensive end on Baylor’s
football team who had transferred from football powerhouse Boise State, was in the dock, charged with
an egregious offense against basic human dignity. Sam’s rape trial launched a crisis. Suddenly, for all the
wrong reasons, Baylor football was thrust into the national limelight.

Explosion |

Triggering the unexpected explosion was a provocative on-line piece by the wildly popular home-grown
periodical, Texas Monthly. Based in Austin, and unremittingly progressive in tone, TM published a
harshly-critical on-line piece just as pre-season was drawing to a close. The muck-raking on-line attack
claimed that, in effect, a rape culture had grown up in the fabulously successful football program under
the turbo-charged leadership of Coach Art Briles. This was the first anyone around the Executive Council
roundtable had heard anything of the sort.

A terrible pall fell over the conference room in Pat Neff 100. Just hours before, we had all been exulting
in the excitement of a new year. Football was an integral part of what would soon unfold that autumn.
After all, in a few short years, Coach Briles had built a national powerhouse on the banks of the Brazos.
And his dream (described in Chapter 1) of an on-campus stadium had come true. The House that RG III
built was, in fact, the House that Art Briles and Drayton McLaneean, Jr. built. Coach Briles was the
inspiration, and Drayton — the dreamer of great dreams — was the driving force.

Coach and Drayton were joined by a cracker-jack in-house Development team, augmented by members
of the Board of Regents, especially former Regent Chair Dary Stone. The staff and Regent volunteers
poured themselves into the unprecedented fundraising effort. They had triumphed. And Year One at
McLaneean had gone beautifully, marred only by injuries to two key quarterbacks. Even then, the 2014
season had ended with a record-shattering offensive display in Orlando as the Baylor Bears
overwhelmed the Tar Heels of North Carolina with a high-speed “Wildcat” offense (no quarterback).

For his part, Coach Briles had quickly built an eye-popping football program that matched the stunningly
impressive stadium, which in short order became a gathering place for the broader community, not just
the Baylor family. Indeed, at Coach Briles’ urging, the very first game played at McLaneean Stadium was
not a Baylor Bears high-octane display of razzle-dazzle offense, but a high-school match-up straight out

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031533