From: Matthew Hiltzik =

Sent: 12/15/2018 6:40:52 PM

To: Michael Wolff [i

cc: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]; Kathy Ruemmler nn Darren Indyke
Subject: Re:

Also think there should be a line in there somewhere which clearly confirms that JE understands and recognizes
that he did something wrong

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 15, 2018, at 12:03 PM, Michael Wolff {i wrote:

Seems very good. Is there reason or opportunity here to evoke JE's Clinton connection? He had been publicly
connected to the former President and became a proxy for the considerable anger at high levels of the Federal
government that still surrounded Clinton. Likewise now, one reason to revive the story is that it is a way to tara
Trump administration official, who, in the normal course of his duties, happened to deal with the case.

On Sat, Dec 15, 2018 at 11:28 AM J <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
thoughts.

a Forwarded message ---------

From: Ken Starr <a
Date: Sat, Dec 15, 2018 at 11:24 AM

Subject: Re:

To: J <jeevacation@gmail.com>

Cc: Alan Dershowitz {i >

Here goes:

"Sweetheart deal! " So goes the critique of the resolution of a long-ago case involving our former client -- and
now-friend -- Jeffrey Epstein. The critique is profoundly misplaced, supported neither by the law or the facts,
nor by the structure of our constitutional republic. To the contrary, Jeffrey was subjected to an unprecedented
federal intrusion into a quintessentially local criminal matter in south Florida. His offense to the social order --
involving sex for hire -- was entirely a matter entrusted to laws of the several States, not the federal
government. His conduct -- a classic state offense --was being treated exactly that way by able, honest
prosecutors in Palm Beach County, but the overweening federal government intruded where it did not

belong. And now, over ten years after the fact, the current assault on federal decision-makers at the time,
including now-Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta (then the United States Attorney in south Florida), condemns
the federal authorities for not going far enough.

The critics are entirely wrong. Neither the facts nor the law support the misguided criticisms being leveled by
journalists and politicians at federal officials from over a decade ago -- including the highest levels of the
Justice Department in Washington, D.C. .

Here are the key facts: Jeffrey Epstein, a successful self-made businessman with no prior criminal history
whatever, engaged in illegal conduct that amounts to solicitation of prostitution. That was wrong, and it was
reasonably viewed as a violation of Florida state law. Although no coercion, violence, alcohol, drugs and the
like were involved, the unsavory facts were carefully assessed by experienced state prosecutors who

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030315