From: J [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 1/15/2019 11:36:59 AM
To: Michael Wolf
Subject: Fwd:

a Forwarded message ---------
From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, Jan 15, 2019 at 7:13 AM
Subject:

To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Kathy Ruemmler i -

it would go something like this. .............. 1 Donald doesn't really own very much, he rents out his name. he
puts it on buildings projects etc. for a royalty or piece of the upside. he then claims the assetis" his". its
very much like hyatt hotels. it says Hyatt hotel on the front but it is owned by someone else. ( sometimes by
Hyatt but not often). Hyatt receives 3 percent per year of revenue and a piece of the profits sometimes if the
hotel is sold at a profit. .

money launderers. need a name to purchase trophy properties. why? there is little suspicion if a

famous wealthy person buys a property that is likely to show in the press. , it cant be jojo my driver. up
front , so they approach wealthy people and tell them for 2 -5 million dollars for doing nothing at all. - just
lend us your name .- and the person get the positive press. so and so bought the most expensive

painting. sold the most expensive painting, house., diamond. etc. -ex the GANZ art collection was bought
and sold by Joe Lewis.. all the publicity was the ganz family estate. selling etc.

hypothetically, . someone approached trump and said can you buy the palm beach house. in your
name. (it was trump properties llc) , not sure who actually owns the llc. ? Donald can get a loan from a
bank , but it is guaranteed by , an entity controlled byR R_ hasabvico. xitrans. that is owned by a family
trust. (cyprus ). R wife settles in oct after trump anounces candidacy. the Ilc agreement or the loan
agreement allows Donald to get a few million for his name.. R in essence is the" owner. ". he was part of
the panama papers release. he also sold the da vinci to mbs..? if you area gangster , where and how can
you invest money. answer not through the front door.

Donald's financial disclosures are the same , he represents his" income" as the GROSS receipts of his
clubs." , means nothing at all ZERO. no income as we no it.

he lists his "assets" ,and their VALUE - but not the corresponding loans. against it. so no net number
, hence meaningless.

please note
The information contained in this communication is
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may
constitute inside information, and is intended only for
the use of the addressee. It is the property of
JEE
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited
and may be unlawful. If you have received this

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029585