From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 1/12/2010 12:28:25 AM
To: Peggy Siegal
Subject: Re: My Wall Street 2 Story

terrific. i want to hear more about the trip

On Mon, Jan 11, 2010 at 6:32 PM, Peggy Sicgal x wrote:

Wrote this for the February issue of AVENUE Magazine. Thought it would amuse you. Tell me what you
think of it.

xoxo Peggy

HD: Wall Street, Take Two

DEK: In the upcoming sequel to Oliver Stone’s groundbreaking film, Gordon Gekko gets out of jail and back
to business. Peggy Siegal takes us behind the scenes where she got herself on camera along with a few of her
famous friends. Nice work if you can get it.

In 1987, right after director Oliver Stone won the Academy Award for "Platoon,” he immediately turned to a
domestic arena and began working on "Wall Street" in New York City where his father had been a
stockbroker. Although the film was widely seen as a scathing critique of the culture of Wall Street, Stone has
said that part of the film is a defense of capitalism, his father's vision of finance (as seen through the Hal
Holbrook character) and an homage to his father.

At the time Oliver was also fascinated with the connection between the psyche of Latino Miami drug dealers
from his earlier "Scarface" script and the American-born 28- to 35-year-old, white collar stockbrokers. Both
groups had an animalistic need to obtain big and fast money. They shared an obsession with corruption and
greed.

Oliver sent his actors to Bear Stearns for research, including then-newcomer Charlie Sheen, who played Bud
Fox, a kid from nowhere. When he learns to cold call, and lands one big client, Gordon Gekko, Fox is thrust
into the fast lane with a rock star financial mentor who teaches him corruption.

Oliver needed an old-fashioned villain to create drama, and he cast Michael Douglas as Gekko against type.
Michael was not known as a heavy at the time, but as a charming, handsome, sensitive leading man. Oliver
also saw the anger, confidence, salesmanship and style that Michael brought to the role. Michael's Gekko
looked a bit like Laker's coach Pat Riley with his slicked back hair and well-cut suits, and it became Michael’s
most important role, winning him the Academy Award for the villain no one could ever forget.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_032005