i What is the difference between money laundering and terrorist financing?

In contrast to money laundering, which involves the disguising of funds derived from illegal activity so they may be
used without detection of the illegal activity, terrorist financing can involve the use of legally derived money to carry
out illegal activities. The objective of money laundering is financial gain or the hiding or disguising of illicit proceeds,
whereas with terrorism, the objective is to promote the agenda or cause of the terrorist organization. For example, it
is widely believed that the terrorist activities of September 11, 2001, were partially financed by legally obtained funds
that had been donated to charities. Both money launderers and terrorists, however, do need to disguise the
association between themselves and their funding sources.

8. Is the approach to combat money laundering and terrorist financing the same?

Although some of the risk factors and red flags that apply to other types of money laundering also may apply to
terrorist financing, the patterns of activity tend to be very different. Terrorist financing often involves very small
amounts of funds, which may be moved through charities or nontraditional banking systems, whereas other types of
money laundering may involve large volumes of funds. It is important to understand the different patterns to protect
against the risks.

Overview of U.S. AML Laws and Regulations

9. What are the key U.S. AML laws and regulations?

The key U.S. AML laws and regulations are the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (BSA) and the Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (commonly
referred to as the USA PATRIOT Act).

The BSA was the first major money laundering legislation in the United States. It was designed to deter the use of
secret foreign bank accounts and provide an audit trail for law enforcement by establishing regulatory reporting and
recordkeeping requirements to help identify the source, volume and movement of currency and monetary instruments
into or out of the United States or deposited in financial institutions. For additional guidance on the Bank Secrecy Act,
please refer to the Bank Secrecy Act section.

The USA PATRIOT Act was signed into law by President George W. Bush on October 26, 2001, following the
terrorist activity of September 11. Title Ill, the International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing
Act of 2001, deals with money laundering and terrorist financing. Title III made significant changes to money
laundering regulations, imposed enhanced requirements for AML programs, and significantly expanded the scope of
coverage to nonbank financial institutions. It requires financial institutions to establish AML programs that include
policies, procedures and controls, designation of a compliance officer, training, and independent review. It also
requires, among other things, that certain financial institutions establish customer identification procedures for new
accounts as well as enhanced due diligence (EDD) for correspondent and private banking accounts maintained by
non-U.S. persons. For additional guidance on the USA PATRIOT Act, please refer to the USA PATRIOT Act section.

10. What other AML laws have been enacted in the United States?

In addition to the BSA and Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act, other AML laws include the Money Laundering Control
Act of 1986 (MLCA), the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, the Annunzio-Wylie Anti-Money Laundering Act of 1992, the
Money Laundering Suppression Act of 1994 (MLSA), and the Money Laundering and Financial Crimes Strategy Act
of 1998.

The MLCA established two AML criminal statutes that, for the first time, made money laundering a criminal offense,
with penalties of up to 20 years and fines of up to $500,000 for each count. Additionally, the MLCA prohibits the
structuring of currency transactions to avoid filing requirements and requires financial institutions to develop BSA
compliance programs.

The primary purpose of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 was to provide funding and technical assistance to state and
local units of government to combat crime and drug abuse. This Act increased the civil and criminal penalties for
money laundering and other BSA violations to include forfeiture of any property or asset involved in an illegal
transaction related to money laundering. It introduced the “sting” provision, which enables law enforcement to
represent the source of funds involved in a transaction as the proceeds of unlawful activity. This Act also required the
identification and recording of purchases of monetary instruments, including bank checks or drafts, foreign drafts,
cashier’s checks, money orders or traveler's checks in amounts between $3,000 and $10,000 inclusive. This
legislation, in conjunction with the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) Reauthorization Act of 1998,

protiviti) | 11

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_024117