TED2017: The future you

4/20/17, 12:07 PM

TED2017 program

Monday, April 24, 10:15AM - 12:00PM PDT

TED Fellows Talks, Session 1

Amazing talks and performances from the new class of TED Fellows and returning Senior Fellows. Hosted by Fellows director Tom Rielly.

Monday, April 24, 1:15PM - 3:00PM PDT

TED Fellows Talks, Session 2

Part 2 of the TED Fellows session, featuring cutting-edge work from TED Fellows and Senior Fellows. Unmissable.

Monday, April 24, 5:00PM - 7:00PM PDT

Session 1: One Move Ahead

Hosted by Chris Anderson

Not attending TED2017? Watch Session 1 — Opening Event — broadcast to cinemas! Find showtimes

Mae

https://ted2017.ted.com/program

Huang Yi
Choreographer, dancer, inventor

As a child, Huang Yi longed for a robot companion. As an adult, he created a robot to dance with: KUKA.

Taiwanese dancer, choreographer, inventor, and videographer Huang Yi’s pioneering work is steeped in his fascination with the partnership
between humans and robots. He interweaves continuous movement with mechanical and multimedia elements to create a form of dance
which corresponds with the flow of data, effectively making the performer a dancing instrument. Named by Dance Magazine as one of the
“25 to Watch,” Huang is one of Asia’s most prolific choreographers.

Harmoniously weaving together the art of dance and the science of mechanical engineering, HUANG YI & KUKA is a poetic work that
intertwines modern dance and visual arts with the realm of robotics, revealing humanity through a series of vignettes between live dancers
and KUKA, a robot conceptualized and programmed by Huang. “Dancing face to face with a robot is like looking at my own face in a
mirror...I think I have found the key to spin human emotions into robots,” Huang asserts.

HUANG YI & KUKA is an original production of Huang Yi Studio +, developed at 3LD Art & Technology Center, in association with
Sozo Artists. Commissioned by Quanta Arts Foundation.

facebook.com/Huang YiStudio

Anab Jain
Futurist, designer

Superflux co-founder and TED Fellow Anab Jain parses uncertainties around our shared futures to create provocative experiences, tools
and tactics that we can adopt today.

In 2009, Anab Jain co-founded the design firm Superflux with Jon Ardern, inspired by influences as far-flung as avant-garde architecture
and Andrei Tarkovsky. The challenges Jain explores are some of the biggest -- climate change, biotech, intelligent machines -- and her
resulting work “navigates the entangled wilderness of our technology, politics, culture and environment to imagine new ways of seeing,
being and acting.”

In her work, Jain creates worlds, stories and tools that provoke and inspire us to engage with the precarity of our rapidly changing world.
Superflux is building tools, methods and commons that can enable us to mitigate the shock of food insecurity and climate change. Recently
they produced a series of civilian drones, and created a vision of a near-future city where these intelligent machines begin to display
increasing autonomy with civic society. Among Superfiux’s previous projects is a headset allowing blind subjects injected with a light-
sensitive virus to develop a kind of “super-sight” sensitive to spectrums that ordinary vision cannot detect.

superflux.in @anabjain

DO awe, Kannannsr

Page 1 of 21

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_014951