Originally published in Business Entities, July/August 2009. Reprinted with permission of Thomson Reuters/RIA.

DISREGARDED ENTITIES

Disregarded Entities: To Be Or Not To Be?

Exceptions to the general rule that a disregarded entity is treated as a “tax nothing” for tax
purposes have burgeoned over the last several years.

Author: BRAD A. BIRMINGHAM and JAMES M. BANDOBLU, JR.

Brad A. Birmingham is a tax partner practicing in the Buffalo, New York, office of the
law firm Hodgson Russ LLP. James M Bandoblu, Jr. is a tax associate in the same
office.

As practitioners regularly use disregarded entities (DREs) in estate, corporate, and tax planning,
it is very important that they consider during the course of planning the growing number of
instances in which DREs are considered to exist, in whole or in part, for tax purposes.

Various provisions of the Code and regulations confer “disregarded” status on an entity. This
article briefly describes the four most common forms of DREs and their origins and outlines some
of the more significant—but often overlooked—exceptions and modifications to the general rule
that DREs are treated as “tax nothings.” Because the forms of DREs originate in different
statutory and regulatory provisions, some of the exceptions and modifications are specific to only
certain forms of DREs, others apply to all forms of DREs, and some are unique to grantor trusts.
Practitioners should be attentive to this growing class of exceptions and modifications when tax
planning for their clients.

Types of Disregarded Entities

The discussion below gives a general overview of four of the more frequently used types of DREs
and their legislative creation, but there are also other miscellaneous DREs that arise primarily
through the combined use of one DRE. For example, a partnership between a taxpayer and a
DRE that is wholly-owned by the taxpayer does not constitute a partnership for federal tax
purposes; rather, the partnership is a DRE, absent an election (under the check-the-box
regulations discussed below) to be treated as a corporation. +

Grantor Trust Rules.

The oldest form of a disregarded entity is the grantor trust. While the development of the
grantor trust rules began in the early 1900s, Congress did not issue statutory guidance until
1954. That statutory guidance developed into what is commonly known today as the grantor
trust rules, which are found in Subpart E of Subchapter J of the Code. 2

In short, the primary result of the grantor trust rules is to tax the grantor of a trust on the trust's
income if the grantor retains dominion and control over the trust (or a portion of it). 2 In doing
so, the grantor trust rules treat the grantor of a trust as the “owner” of the trust (or relevant
portion thereof) for income tax purposes. “ As a result, in calculating his or her taxable income,
the grantor includes the applicable portion of the trust's income, deductions, and credits. =

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026584