From: Tyler Shears ay

Sent: 1/24/2014 8:20:13 PM

To: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

cc: Christina Galbraith
Subject: Re:

Importance: — High
Mr. Epstein,

We currently have two negatives on first page in Google but one is at 6th and the other at 7th. (Universal
search, no history applied). Results will be very different if that PC has been used to click or search any of the
results and has not been cleared.

How did you pull the results you just sent?

Using Google Chrome + InCognito Mode + Clearing Browser Cache = only reliable reporting. I can help set
you up with this. Screenshot here of results using above method - http://.imgur.com/tfGN3Zj.png. This is the
true representation of what your average searcher will find (statistically, most searches will be from users whom
have not clicked on your negative articles before)

Much progress has been made since we spoke - premium placements are getting secured over next week,
hundreds of links have been built to your primary sites and the first movements are kicking in today (NY Mag
moved up to 4th a few hours ago). We still have confidence we are on the right track and doing everything we
can to get this cleaned up - another 45 days should be enough to have a clean first page based on what has been
done.

PS - The foundation site was just hacked and I'm in the process of fixing that today. You can actually see it in
the screenshot above (it reads Cash Advance advertisement in the short-description). This is something a
previous company deployed but we are now going through and securing the rest of the domains to prevent basic
hiacks like this.

I'm free on my cell for next few hours. 3

Sincerely,

Tyler Shears

On Fri, Jan 24, 2014 at 3:04 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
About 40,700,000 results (0.21 seconds)

Search Results

1. Jeffrey Epstein - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey Epstein

Wikipedia

Jeffrey Edward Epstein (born January 20, 1953) is an American financier and science and education
philanthropist. He worked at Bear Stearns early in his ...

Life - Financial career - Science funding - Solicitation of prostitution

2. Jeffrey Epstein: Sex Offender, Yes. Billionaire, No. - Forbes

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031347