From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 2/10/2015 5:22:52 PM

To: Mortimer Zuckernan
Subject: time to publish this instead of the trite.

ore

15 of 141,013

Fwd: Statement for Press

From: Carolyn Cohen a >
Date: February 10, 2015 at 10:40:57 AM EST

To: Aln Deshowit7,

Subject: Statement for Press

Alan Dershowitz’s Statement: We can now prove that Jane Doe #3 has no credibility and lied
about Clinton, the Gores and Dershowitz.

Dershowitz’s lawyers have filed a detailed reply to Jane Doe #3 false charges. In it they definitively
respond to all of the alleged evidence presented by Jane Doe #3 and her lawyers. Since that filing Mr.
Dershowitz’s lawyers have uncovered additional evidence that Jane Doe #3 has lied about her
alleged contacts with former President Clinton and former Vice President Gore and the then Mrs.
Gore. In her first affidavit to the court she repeats the claim that she had earlier sold to a British
tabloid: namely that “former President Bill Clinton was present on the island [Jeffrey Epstein’s
private island] at a time when [Jane Doe #3] was also present on the Island.”

This statement, sworn under oath, summarizes a far more elaborate fantasy that she sold to a British
tabloid which has since been repeated by the international media. In neither statement, does she
provide any specific dates or times, but she does weave an imaginative fantasy about her fictional
meeting with former President Clinton. She “describes” how Mr. Clinton’s Secret Service detail
allowed Ghislaine Maxwell, then a novice helicopter pilot, to fly the former President to Epstein’s
private island on a large black helicopter —an obvious lie. She then purports to “describe” specific
seating locations at a fictional dinner party that included her, Mr. Clinton, Jeffrey Epstein and two
other underage “olive-skinned brunettes” whose identities she could not provide:

“I flew to the Caribbean with Jeffrey and then Ghislaine Maxwell went to pick up Bill in a huge black
helicopter that Jeffrey had bought her. She’d always wanted to fly and Jeffrey paid for her to take
lessons, and I remember she was very excited because she got her licence around the first year we
met. I used to get frightened flying with her but Bill had the Secret Service with him and I remember
him talking about what a good job she did. I only ever met Bill twice but Jeffrey had told me that
they were good friends. I asked, “How come?” and he laughed and said, “He owes me some
favours.” Maybe he was just joking but it constantly surprised me that people with as much to lose as
Bill and [Prince] Andrew weren't more careful. She said that when dining that night, Maxwell sat at

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029225