From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 12/11/2017 11:18:58 AM
To: Lawrence Krauss
Subject: Re: URGENT: BuzzFeed News inquiry re allegations of sexual harassment

Attachments: DA866543-7401-4A5A-8E50-FD32E33A50EC.png

Importance: — High

normaly thier strategy will be to take back your defense to the accusers. and attack each one. if they find you
are right they will leave out. and only go with the conflicted. I think you should include short concise cover
letter. that you would like published in it entirety. it can refence your attacjment that you will put on your web
site? . that goes into more details but in general , these are false. they were either investigated and found
lacking or ignored. etc. often they throw out the near publishing date merely to get you to ansser.

On Mon, Dec 11, 2017 at 7:53 AM, Lawrence Krauss wrote:

a few more minor changes.. one in first line of second paragraph and one misspelling corrected..so you can
read this one:

Lawrence M. Krauss
Director, The Origins Project at ASU
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative

Foundation Professor
School of Earth & Space Exploration and Physics Department

Arizona State University, P.O. Box 871404 -1404
Research Office EE Assistant

Origins Office

origins.asu.edu | twitter.com/Ikrauss1 | krauss.faculty.asu.edu

RSU Origins...

ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY

On Dec 10, 2017, at 10:31 PM, Lawrence Krauss 1 ote:

Second Draft:

| appreciate the opportunity to respond to your email. While | am running the risk that you will report my comments, if you do, either
out of context, or incompletely, | am responding with an effort to be complete. It is hard to know how to respond to a list of false
and/or distorted allegations, along with misleading statements on your part. | treat people | interact with with respect, and | work hard
to support and mentor students, colleagues, and members of the general public. | do not sexually harass people. If the purpose of
your reporting is to somehow argue that Universities and other institutions are lax in dealing with well known individuals like myself,
then in fact the situation is quite the opposite. My high public profile opens me up to more scrutiny at these institutions, not less, and it
also opens me up to a host of outside complaints and allegations that other faculty do not receive, each of which the University has to
respond to. The fact that | have remained a professor in all Universities with which | have been associated, in good standing, and also
an officer or an invited speaker at organizations like CFI, which have strict harassment policies, is a confirmation of the fact that they
trust my behavior. | was asked to be an honorary director of CFI, and invited to their last 3 meetings to speak, specifically because, as
they have written me after the fact, the attendees universally appreciated my talks, my courtesy, and graciousness in spending time
with the attendees. If the purpose of your report is to impugn my integrity or suggest | have a history of harassment, that too is

false. As noted in one of your 'miscellaneous facts’, as a scientist | try and remain skeptical, and rely on empirical evidence, rather
than allegations and innuendo. | also try and judge the facts in context. The fact that Universities and other organizations employ me
or have me on their boards, or invite me to meetings is because they value my contributions and my actions.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_021425