From:

Sent: 4/30/2011 9:36:09 PM
To: Jefffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Fw: from Jesse Kornbluth

Importance: — High

Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T

From: "Peggy Siegal”

Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2011 16:59:25 -0400
To:

Subject: Fw: from Jesse Kornbluth

Jesse Kornbluth could never make a dime. He is an angry loser who was married to Annette Tapert years ago.(She now is married to
Joe Allen and they live near you in PB) Annette left him because there was no bread on the table and he is nasty.

What should I do? Call him or not? Peg

n--- Original Message -----

From: Jesse Kornbluth (iii 7!

To: Peggy Siegal

Ce: Jesse Kornbluth

Sent: Sat Apr 30 16:29:18 2011

Subject: Re: from Jesse Kornbluth

Peg --

Obviously, I'm sharing what follows on the assumption that everything here is just between us.

The thesis of the Times piece is that the rich and their corporations have SO much power
that we no longer live in a democracy.

Can "we the people" make change? Not really.
Who can? The rich and powerful.
Huh? All they want is the status quo. Or more.

But they could --- okay, it's not likely, but they could --- turn on the bad actors at their social/economic level.
For example: Wall Street CEOs, donors to the Tea Party, etc.

That's the topic. Shaming. Shunning.
One of the people I deal with --- there are several others. --- is Jeffrey Epstein.
Reading the clips, I don't see that Jeffrey as been shunned.

In this piece --- http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2011-04-01/bill-clinton-katie-couric-woody-allen-jeffrey-epsteins-
society-friends-close-ranks/ ---

Tread:

The crowd at the events top publicist Peggy Siegal has organized for Epstein proves the point, at least behind closed doors. "I and
many others that know him describe him as brilliant," says Siegal.

"His unique mind is what attracts the world's smartest people to his home." Last September, with Siegal's help, Epstein hosted a Break
Fast after Yom Kippur. A group of 120 friends brought their children over for a buffet dinner

This was just a few months after he finished his prison obligations in Florida.
And here he is, entertaining --- with children present.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031694