2 The Virgin Islands Daily News

~

Courtney Wild, 30, was a victim of serial sexual offender Jeffrey Epstein beginning at the age
of 14. Epstein paid Wild, and many other underage girls, to give him massages, often having
them undress and perform sexual acts. Epstein also used the girls as recruiters, paying them
to bring him other underage girls. Epstein, 65, a hedge fund manager, splits his time between the

Virgin Islands and Palm Beach, Fla.

VIRGIN ISLANDS

Saturday, December 8, 2018

6 by MIAMI HERALD

Jena-Lisa Jones, with her 18-month-old son, Raymond, says she was 14 when she was intro-
duced to Jeffrey Epstein and was paid $200 by him to give him a massage at his home. Jones

says Epstein told her to take off all of her clothes and that he fondled her during the massage.

Lawmakers issue call for investigation of Epstein deal

By JULIE K. BROWN,
ALEX DAUGHERTY
and CAITLIN OSTROFF
Miami Herald

MIAMI More than two dozen
lawmakers are demanding an inves-
ligation into possible misconduct
by US. Secretary of Labor Alexan-
der Acosta, who, as a former federal
prosecutor in Miami, helped broker a
secret plea deal for a multimillionaire
accused of running an underage sex
trafficking network.

The lawmakers, mostly Democrats,

have sent several letters to Michael E.
Horowitz, inspector general for the
Department of Justice, calling for a
probe into Acosta’ role in the 2008
plea deal for Little St. James resident
Jeffrey Epstein.
Epstein, 65, a hedge fund manager
who splits his time between the Virgin
Islands and Palm Beach, Fla., faced
a possible life sentence for molest-
ing dozens of girls, but was instead
granted federal immunity as part of a
non-prosecution agreement approved
by Acosta when he was U.S. Attorney
forthe Southern Distnet of Florida.

Thus far, 34 senators and members
of the House have called for a probe
of the Epstein case, including two Re-
publicans, Sen. Marco Rubio and Sen,
chairman of the Senate Ju-
ommittee’s subcommittee for
oversight

The requests come one week after
the Miami Herald published an i
vestigation, “Perversion of Justic
that revealed hea federal prosecutors
worked with Epsteins high-profile
lawyers to craft a deal that would keep

him out of prison. Instead he would
serve a bnef jail stint.

Acosta agreed, despite a federal law
to the contrary, that the deal would
be kept from Epstein’ underage vic-
tims unul after Epstein was sentenced,
thereby making it impossible for them
to appear in court and possibly derail
the agreement.

The Herald identified nearly 80
possible victims, most of them 13 to
16 years old. Several of them, now in
thei late 20s and early 30s, told the
Herald that they felt betrayed by Acos-
ta and other prosecutors who failed to
treat them as victims and labeled them
as prostitutes — even though they
were under the age of consent.

Acosta, 49, was confirmed as Presi-
dent Donald Trump's labor secretary
in April 2017. During his hearings,
Sens. Tim Kaine and Patty Murray
questioned Acosta about Epstein’s
deal but Acosta never explained why
he agreed to have it sealed.

He was approved by the Senate,
60-38, with eight Democrats and one
independent voting in favor of his
appointment.

“At the end of the day, based on the

evidence, professionals within a pros-
ecutor's office decided that a plea that
guarantees someone goes to jail, that
guarantees he register (as a sex of-
fender) generally and guarantees other
outcomes, is a good thing,” Acosta
said during his hearings.
f , Acosta over-
ssive federal agency that pro-
sight of the country’s labor
, including human trafficking.

He had been on a list of possible
successors to former Attorney Gen-

The Miami Herald identified nearly 80 possible victims,
most of them 13 to 16 years old. Several of them, now
in their late 20s and early 30s, told the Herald that they
felt betrayed by former federal prosecutor Alexander
Acosta — who now works for the Trump administration
— and other prosecutors who failed to treat them as
victims and labeled them as prostitutes — even though
they were under the age of consent.

eral Jeff Sessions, but was said to have
been eliminated from consideration
after the Herald published its series
online last week.

On Thursday, a group of senators,
led by Murray, the ranking Democrat
on the Senate panel that oversees the
Department of Labor, wrote a letter
to Horowitz, questioning whether Ep-
stein used his connections to not only
secure a lenient sentence, but to obtain
immunity for other people who were
involved or knew about his sexual ex-
ploitation of minors.

“Our justice system is predicated
on the fundamental value that no in-
dividual is above the law, and to that
end, it is essential that plea agreements
involving well-connected individuals
not only follow the law and standard
practice, but also stand up to scm-
tiny,” said the letter, signed by 15 other
members of the Senate,

Rubio on Thursday also called upon
the Justice Department to explain how
such a deal could have happened.

“There should be a little bit more
clanty as to why that case was re:
solved the way it was resolved," Rubio

said “Because for most people that
read it, it doesn’t make sense.”

From 2001 to 2006, Epstein as-
sembled a large cultlike network of
underage girls — most of them from
disadvantaged backgrounds —to give
him massages. He then coerced them
into sex acts and paid them to recruit
other girls to bring to his Palm Beach
mansion, three to four times a day, ac
cording to police.

The Herald's examination of thou-
sands of court records, emails and FBI
records also showed that after the deal
was struck, it effectively shut down an
ongoing FBI probe into whether Ep-
stein was trafficking girls and young
women from around the country and
from overseas for sex parties attended
by other powerful people at his man-
sions in New York, New Mexico and
on his private island in the Caribbean,

Federal prosecutors had prepared a
§3-page indictment against Epstem for
federal sex crimes involving minors,
which would have sent him to prison
for decades. The indictment, however,
was shelved, and Epstein was allowed
to plead guilty to two minor prostitu-

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_022463

tion charges in state court.

He spent just 13 months inthe Palm
Beach County jail, where he was giv-
en permission to leave most of the day
under a liberal work release program
that wasn't granted to other convicted
sex offenders. He was released in
2009.

Sasse, in his letter, said he was dis-
turbed that federal prosecutors would
have given Epstein such a break.

“The fact that this monster received
such a pathetically soft sentence is a
travesty that should outrage us all,”
Sasse wrote in a letter to DOJ's inspec-
tor general.

Experts say its possible that several
investigations could be launched, not
just by the Department of Justice.

The Deparment of Labor’ nspee-
tor general could also do a review, said
Philip Lacovara, who served as coun-
s¢l to the special prosecutor who in-
vestigated President Richard Nixon's
Watergate scandal.

Neither agency is required to say
if and when it is conducting a review,
he said, so its possible investigations
could already be underway: But the re-
sults may or may not be made public.

“They may do 10 confidential in-
vestigations, but you may only know
about one,” Lacovara said,

Francey Hakes, a former federal
prosecutor, said that such an investiga-
tion could result in policy changes and
new regulations on how federal pros-
ecutors handle victim notification and
non-prosecution agreements,

“T just don’t know of any retrospec-
tive way to fix things,” Hakes said. “I
hope they will get to the bottom of
whatever happened.”