From: Mohamed Waheed |

Sent: 1/27/2013 4:33:18 AM
To: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Re:

Importance: — High

Thank you. You are my savior. I will do exactly what you said.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 27, 2013, at 9:29 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:

this from a fraud web site, your mimister will get upset that you dont want to at least try, what do we have to
lose , always the pitch. THe following from the fraud site. --The essential fact in all advance-fee fraud
operations is that the promised money transfer never happens—because the money does not exist. The
perpetrators rely on the fact that, by the time the victim realizes this (often only after being confronted by a third
party who has noticed the transactions or conversation and recognized the scam), the victim may have sent
thousands of dollars of their own money, and sometimes thousands or millions more that has been borrowed or
stolen, to the scammer via an untraceable and/or irreversible means such as wire transfer.7! Stay

away, however if you want to embarass your possible opponent , you might set it up so that he looks like a
fool, ask for amemo of why he thinks you should agree , have it include as many detials as possible, so that
when you prove its a fraud,, you will make him look very silly as opposed to his saying , you missed an
opportunity, anyway,, glad you are well

On Sat, Jan 26, 2013 at 10:49 PM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan {> wrote:
Jeffrey,
Need your advice.
My finance minister is telling me that he has an anonymous funds manager who is willing to deposit 4 billion
dollars in Maldives and that they are willing to lend a percentage of that in exchange for government
promissory notes. The 4 billion would be deposited in the Central Bank. But they want us to set up a special
purpose vehicle, a construction company fully owned by the government to receive the loan. Such a company
can only be set up under a presidential decree.

I am also told that the funds manager would be charging Maldives upfront a certain percentage of the amount
lent.

I don't feel I have enough information on this. I don't know who is this funds manager. They always want the
finance minister to meet them in Bangkok or some place outside. Why would anyone want to deposit such a
large amount here when we don't have a credit rating and public debt is so high. I feel very uncomfortable
about this.

What do you think I should do. Iam very uncomfortable. In addition to the finance minister, a leading
politician and leader of the coalition parliamentary group is behind it. He could be my leading contender for
presidency.

Does this sound all ridiculous to you. I have a strange feeling about this whole thing.

Best regards

Waheed

Sent from President's iPad

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029534