Al4 Saturday, March 18, 2017

INSIGHT

Loved or loathed,
slobalisation
is here to stay

Andrew Sheng says the danger for
the world is that its detractors -
chief among them the US president
- will make the system less fair

by ignoring their responsibilities

Depending on who you talk to, globalisation
happened either in 1492, when Christopher
Columbus discovered America in search of the
Orient, or in the 19th century, when America
decided to look outwards for trade after its civil war.

By 2000, the movement of trade, technology,
finance and investments across the globe seemed
unstoppable. Globalisation had lifted billions from
poverty and the logic of free trade and capital flows
was accepted from Beijing to Zanzibar. But in 2007,
when the North Atlantic financial crisis revealed the
flaws of excessive financialisation, doubts about
globalisation began to creep in.

Globalisation, in the form of the spread oftrade,
money, people and information, is inevitable,
essentially because of expanding demographics and
technology. Human beings migrate all over the
world, and it was technology -—the invention of
railways, ships, planes and nowinformation
communications -— that accelerated the spread of
global ideas and genes.

As Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz, author of
Globalisation and Its Discontents, aptly put it,
globalisation is either positive or negative,
depending on howitis managed.

Like any national system, the system works well
with someone providing public goods.

The internet is such a public good. It gave even
the most remote people and places access to global
knowledge, thus making the world more inclusive.
Butifand when the masses cannot benefit from
such access, technology and globalisation can
widen inequalities, giving rise to anger, frustration
and the rise of populist sentiments.

The reality is that globalisation cannot be
stopped. But it can be managed better. The issues
that arouse anti-globalists can and should be
managed. These are the interrelated issues of
climate change, disruptive technology, human
migration and toxic politics.

Being a businessman, Donald Trump’s basic
instinct is to manage these issues bilaterally, which
is why intuitively he does not like multilateral groups
like the World Trade Organisation. But these
multilateral institutions provide exactly the global
public goods that make globalisation positive rather
than damaging. What is fair to a behemoth that
accounts for 22 per cent of world gross domestic
product may not be fair to a small bilateral trading
partner one-tenth its size. The world’s multilateral
rules, which took years to negotiate, are there
because they bind everyone, large or small, to global
mutual benefit and shared stability.

What does President Xi Jinping’s (231-7)
commitment to globalisation in Davos in January
really mean? There are several guiding principles
behind that gesture.

First, there is Chinese recognition that global
problems like climate change, disruptive
technology and human migration involve costs that
can only be solved from new resources generated
through growth in trade and investments.

Second, China doesn’t see globalisation as a
zero-sum game, but one where there can be benefits
for all, provided the downsides are managed ona
mutually shared basis, according to mutually agreed
multilateral rules.

Third, accounting for only 15 per cent of world
GDP, China onits own cannot push globalisation. It
must work with the current advanced economies
like Europe (25 per cent of world GDP), Japan (6 per
cent) and others.

Fourth, to be realistic, China’s contribution to
globalisation must work on the principle of
comparative advantage. Being alatecomer to
globalisation, China has considerable first-hand
experience in building infrastructure, supply chains
and urban conglomeration under third-world
conditions. Its comparative advantage is based on
the adaptation of modern technology, such as
internet platforms, to lower trading and transaction
costs. India, Kenya and other emerging markets are
also moving in the same direction.

Inshort, to promote the good side of
globalisation, we must apply 21st-century tools and
experience to manage 21st-century problems.
Going forward, the complexity is that Trump is
pushing the leading economy to swing froma major
contributor of global public goods to a “taxer” on
globalisation. That is the true meaning of the border
tax and the chiding of allies that they need to
contribute to any bilateral efforts in defence or in the
building of walls. But America works on the basis of
freely importing resources and talent way in excess
of domestic production. That manifests itself in its
larger and larger current account and fiscal deficits
and its growing global debt.

Which is why everyone prays that saner heads
will prevail in America’s commitment to
globalisation. “America first” cannot operate on the
basis of everyone else loses. Just as business is too
important to be leftto businessmen, globalisation is
too important to be left to its discontents.

Andrew Sheng writes on global issues
from an Asian perspective

Asection of a border fence separating the US and
Mexico is under construction. Photo: Bloomberg

UNSHAKEABLE CORE

South China Morning Post

O (>) Agree or disagree with the opinions on this
page? Write to us at letters@scmp.com. If
you have an idea for an opinion article,
email it to oped@scmp.com

Robert Lawrence Kuhn says China’s ‘two sessions’ underlines the non-negotiable nature of Xi’s status as core leader

he “two sessions” in Beijing the annual

meetings of the National People’s

Congress and the Chinese People’s

Political Consultative Conference -— offer

some sense and insight about China’s
governance. Attending them this year, I have come
away with several impressions.

One is the conjunction of two ways of thinking
that Westerners would deem incompatible: stricter
conformity and enforcement of political orthodoxy,
and greater freedom and encouragement to critique
government programmes. To understand China’s
system of governance, especially under President Xi
Jinping (2217), now the “core” of the Chinese Com-
munist Party, is to appreciate why these two ways of
thinking are deemed complementary, not contra-
dictory. China’s leadership recognises that it needs
the wisdom of society, especially the expertise of the
intellectual elite, to critique and improve govern-
ment, but the concern is that such criticism could be
destabilising. Hence the political controls to enable
the criticism.

China watchers scrutinise everything going on
here — work reports, press conferences, policy
announcements, personnel moves, sideline com-
ments, even seating arrangements. Which policies
are stressed? What signals are sent? Any surprises?
What's “in the air”?

Listening to Premier Li Keqiang (45238) give the
annual government work report to the nearly 3,000
NPC delegates assembled in the Great Hall of the
People, one is struck by the civilisation-state
pageantry of China state power and the sheer magni-
tude of managing this huge country. One must
comprehend the country as a whole, integrating
political, social, cultural and ecological sectors with
the economy. To focus only on the economy is to
distort thelens with which to view China.

Tothe untrained eye, the structure and phrases of
work reports look similar to those of previous years.
Butlook closely and one sees the small butrevelatory
differences.

China’s ruling party prides itself on careful, incre-
mental change, and usually this is the case. But occa-
sionally we catch sharper breaks with past practice.
This year, three aspects stand out: reform, innova-
tion and, most significantly, Xi’s leadership.

First, while reform has long been a key feature of
government work reports, the pervasiveness of
reform this year makes it special. Almost every sec-
tion is founded on reform. Regarding the economy,
“supply-side structural reform” is the well-known
watchword, and the report calls for cutting industrial
overcapacity, reducing urban real estate inventory,
deleveraging Chinese firms by decreasing debt, and
cutting costs for doing business. All this I expected.

What! did not expect was the specificity of direc-
tives for cutting costs — with five detailed prescrip-

tions, such as reducing a blizzard of government-
imposed fees, about which entrepreneurs have been
complaining loudly. Reform affects almost every
aspect of society, including the household registra-
tion system (hukou), health care, environmental
protection, intellectual property rights and stream-
lining government bureaucracy.

Innovation is stressed for industrial transforma-
tion — not simply platitudes promoting science and
technology but practical steps, such as enabling
universities and research institutes to “operate with
autonomy” and to implement “incentive policies
like stocks, options and dividends”.

It could hardly be clearer that China’s “socialism
with Chinese characteristics” continues to separate
itself from the failed forms of 19th-century socialism
that founded the old Soviet Union and was passed to
China prior to the reforms of Deng Xiaoping (S/F).
The pervasiveness of reform and the call for innova-

One must comprehend
the country as a whole...
To focus only on the
economy is to distort
the lens with which

to view China

tion are the product of Xi’s leadership, which is what
really marked the two sessions. In his work report,
Premier Li pledged to implement “General Secretary
Xi Jinping’s major addresses and his new vision,
thinking and strategies for China’s governance”, and
the “four-pronged comprehensive strategy”, the
political theory that Xi unveiled in 2015.

One need not be a China hand to see that Xi’s
“four comprehensives” — to build a moderately
prosperous society, deepenreform, advance thelaw-
based governance of China, and strengthen party
self-governance—has been elevated to a foundation-
altheory of the state. In the theory section ofthe work
report, Xi’s contributions take up 39 words in the
English translation, more than double the theories of
former leaders Deng, Jiang Zemin (2) and Hu
Jintao (4833), which collectively take up 18 words.

Separately, while “Marxism-Leninism” and
“Mao Zedong thought” were duly noted in the draft
general provisions of civil law, the famous phrases
didn’t make the more important government work
report. I doubt the cut was made to save space.

The significance of Xi’s role as China’s pre-
eminent leader is that it provides political stability

and coherent policies, such that the crucial 19th
party congress, forthcoming in the autumn, should
play out according to expectations. My take from
speaking with delegates is that Xi’s leadership posi-
tion as core of the party is confirmed and enhanced.
This means that China can focus on the hard tasks of
enhancing reform and transforming the economy.

One other development is notable: the NPC is
becoming more an empowered deliberative body
and less a “rubber stamp” cheerleader. An example
of this is the multifaceted process of constructing a
comprehensive civil code, targeted for 2020. After
three revisions, the general provisions of civil law
finally provides a framework for codifying some 200
civil and commercial laws in constructing a legal
system to serve civil society. The NPC’s growing
confidence to disclose disputes and to allow, indeed
to encourage, debates is promising.

And what of Xi’s anti-corruption drive? Foreign
media typically assume that the drive reflects a
power struggle among leaders and factions, while
some Chinese officials claim that it has nothing to do
with political struggle.

There are multiple reasons for the campaign, of
course. More incisively, we can see how the cam-
paign has been energised by Xi’s “four comprehen-
sives” political theory. One, realising a moderately
prosperous society is hindered by corruption; two,
reform is resisted by corrupt officials who protect
their illicit financial benefits; three, the drive exem-
plifies therule oflaw; four, strictly governing the party
could be defined as anti-corruption.

A few of the now-caged “tigers” were convicted of
“seriously violating the party's political discipline”
“banding together in gangs and forming factions”,
and conducting “non-organisational political activi-
ties” —anotvery veiled code-phrase for attempting to
undermine China’s leadership. By eliminating these
political threats, the anti-corruption campaign helps
ensure political stability, especially as the country
enters the final run-up to the 19th party congress.

There is now no ambiguity: China is under the
firm leadership of the party’s Central Committee,
with Xias its core, and alignment with Xi’s “four con-
fidences” doctrine - in which officials are urged to be
“confident in China’s chosen path, political system,
guiding theories, and culture” —is non-negotiable.

Many areas of society and government are open
to debate, butnotthe core principles and notthe core
leader. These have been decided and conformity is
expected. Only with such unity can the “four com-
prehensives” bring about the great rejuvenation of
the Chinese nation and realise the Chinese dream.

Robert Lawrence Kuhn is a public intellectual, political/
economics commentator, and an international
corporate strategist. He is the host of Closer to China
with R. L. Kuhn on CGTN (produced by Adam Zhu)

John Tsang and a question of political ethics

John Chan says Tsang’s assertion that his chief executive bid was
an afterthought is unconvincing, given events of the past two years

John Tsang Chun-wah has saidheresignedas — immoralifhe should admit to preparing to run
financial secretary notto run for chief for two years, or even from just before Chief
executive, “but because of many otherthings”. | Executive Leung Chun-ying unexpectedly
“Unhappiness at work was one ofthereasons. | announcedhe would not seeka second term.
Itwas nota sudden decision.” He also said he Former chief secretary Carrie Lam Cheng
only made up his mind to runafter hehadleft. | Yuet-ngor, in stark contrast to Tsang’s wishy-

Most would find that hard to believe. washy stance, had always clearly asserted that
Judging from Tsang’s high-profile preparation she would notrun. Her firm denials changed
over the past two years, and the fact thathe only after Leung said he would not seek a
never denied suggestions that he intended to second term. Lam was clear on the point that it
run, itis inconceivable that he should say he would be politically immoral fora serving
resigned in December not to run for the top cabinet member to contest the top post with
post but for some other reason. the incumbent also running.

Consideration of political morality explains In the US, the last time a former cabinet
why Tsang may have presented his case as an secretary became a major party’s choice for
unbelievable sudden decision. He knows it president was in 1928, when commerce
would be deemed politically unethical and secretary Herbert Hoover won the Republican

nomination and went on to become the 31st
US president. However, he ran only after
sitting president Calvin Coolidge said he
would not. Itis political ethics that stops a US
cabinet secretary running against a president
seeking re-election. This is unlike in the
parliamentary system in the UK or
Commonwealth nations, where ministers are intention torun against Leung.
elected members of the ruling party or Almost alllocal media and commentators
coalition. Ministers and other ruling party MPs said Tsanghad been making preparations to
choose their partyleader, who becomes the run for the top post for more than two years:
prime minister. They also have the power to Tsang himselfhas never denied this. It was
depose and replace the incumbent. thus a big surprise that he should choose to say

Hong Kong’s cabinet ofbureau secretaries the idea only emerged after his resignation was
nominated by the chief executive is similar to approved by Beijing. It comes across as a futile
the US system. Ifa financial secretary wishesto attempt to brush aside the lingering doubts
run against his chief executive who is bidding over his political morality, given his
forasecond term, he mustresignassoonashe _ preparations for the past two years.
manifests such an intention — failing to do so
would be politically immoral.

Tsang was quoted as saying, when

questioned on his obvious rift with Leung
during the Wang Chau development saga,
that: “You always agree with your boss. No
question about that.” An explanatory
extension could be: “Ifyou do not agree with
your boss, you've got to leave. No question
about that.” More so ifhe harboured an

John Chan is a practising solicitor and a
founding member of the Democratic Party

Printed and published by South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd, Morning Post Centre, 22 Dai Fat Street, Tai Po Industrial Estate, Tai Po, Hong Kong. Tel:2680 8888.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025104