From: ee
Sent: 6/18/2011 2:59:52 PM
To: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Importance: — High

DOMINQUE STRAUSS-KAHN ARRESTED, NOT BECAUSE HE RAPED A MAID, BUT
BECAUSE HE HAD EVIDENCE US HAS NO GOLD IN FORT KNOX.

Posted by admin on Jun 3, 2011 in News | 0 comments

A startling story published by the European Union Times, could be the one of the worlds biggest conspiracy theories, a plot for a movie or a
frightening scenario for the U.S. and world economy.

Dominique Strauss Kahn

According to the on-line publication a new report prepared for Russian Prime Minister Putin by the FederalSecurity Service(FSB) says that
former International Monetary Fund (IMF) ChiefDominique Strauss-Kahnwas charged and jailed in the US forsex crimeson May 14 after his
discovery that all of thegoldheld in theUnited States Bullion Depositorylocated at Fort Knox was missing and/or unaccounted for.

According to this FSBsecretreport, Strauss-Kahn had become increasingly concerned earlier this month after the United States began stalling
its pledged delivery to the IMF of 191.3 tons of goldagreed to under theSecond Amendmentof the Articles of Agreement signed by the
Executive Board in April 1978 that were to be sold to fund what are called Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) as an alternative to what are called
reserve currencies.

This FSB report says that when Strauss-Kahn raised his concerns with Americangovernment officials close to President Obama he was
contacted by rogue elements within the CIA who provided him firm evidence that all of thegoldreported to be held by the US was gone.
Upon Strauss-Kahn receiving the CIA evidence, the report said, he made immediate arrangements to leave the US for Paris, but when
contacted by agents working for Frances General Directorate for External Security (DGSE) that American authorities were seeking his
capture he fled to New York CitysJFK airportfollowing these agents directive not to take his cell-phone because US police could track his
exact location.

Once Strauss-Kahn safely boarded anAir France flightto Paris, the FSB report says, he made a fatal mistake by calling the hotel from a phone
on the plane and asking them to forwarded the cell-phone he had been told to leave behind to his French residence, after which US agents
were able to track and apprehend him.

Within the past fortnight, the report continues, Strauss-Kahn reached out to his close friend and top Egyptian banker Mahmoud Abdel Salam
Omar to retrieve from the US the evidence given to him by the CIA. Omar, however, and exactly like Strauss-Kahn before him, has been
chargedby the US with a sex crime against aluxury hotelmaid, a charge the FSB labels as beyond belief as Omar is 74-years-old and a devout
Muslim.

In an astounding move puzzling many in Moscow, Putin after reading thissecretFSB report ordered posted to the Kremlins official website a
defense of Strauss-Khan becoming thefirst world leader to state that the former IMF chief was a victim of a US conspiracy.

One of the United States top Congressman, and 2012 Presidential candidate, Ron Paul has long stated his belief that the US government has
lied about itsgoldreserves held at Fort Knox. And in 2010 put forward a bill force an audit of them, .The bill was defeated, but which was
subsequently defeated by Obama regime forces.

When directly asked by reporters if he believed there was nogoldin Fort Knox or the Federal Reserve, Congressman Paul gave the incredible
reply, | think it is a possibility.

Also interesting to note is that barely 3 days after the arrest of Strauss-Kahn, Congressman Paul made a new call for the US to sell
itsgoldreserves by stating, Given the high price it is now, and the tremendous debt problem we now have, by all means, sell at the peak.
Reports emanating from the US for years, however, suggest there is nogoldto sell.

New reports coming from the United States show his determination not to go down without a fight as he has hired what is described as a
crack team of former CIA spies, private investigators and media advisers to defend him.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031335