—_

Sent: 2/6/2011 9:35:06 PM
To: jeevacation@gmail.com
Subject: Re: You should see this movie/documentary

seems very one-sided and as if the makers didn't quite see the bigger picture
i'm not sure the finance industry really had too much of a choice

----- Original Message-----

From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

To:

Sent: Sun, Feb 6, 2011 5:27 am

Subject: Re: You should see this movie/documentary

it is very unfair, and misrepresents tons of inf

On Sun, Feb 6, 2011 at 3:26 AM, Po wrote:

Inside Job (2010)
NYT Critics’ PickThis movie has been designated a Critic's Pick by the film reviewers of The New York
Times.

Sony Pictures Classics

Henry Paulson, Ben Bernanke and Timothy Geithner in the documentary “Inside Job.”

who Maimed the Economy, and How

By A. QO. SCOTT

“Inside Job,” a sleek, briskly paced film whose title suggests a heist movie, is the story of a crime
without punishment, of an outrage that has so far largely escaped legal sanction and societal stigma. The
betrayal of public trust and collective values that Mr. Ferguson chronicles was far more brazen and
damaging than the adultery in Nathaniel Hawthorne’s novel, which treated Hester more as scapegoat than
villain.

The gist of this movie, which begins in a mood of calm reflection and grows angrier and more incredulous
as it goes on, is unmistakably punitive. The density of information and the complexity of the subject
matter make “Inside Job” feel like a classroom lecture at times, but by the end Mr. Ferguson has summoned
the scourging moral force of a pulpit-shaking sermon. That he delivers it with rigor, restraint and good
humor makes his case all the more devastating.

He is hardly alone in making it. Numerous journalists have published books and articles retracing the
paths that led the world economy to the precipice two years ago. The deregulation of the financial
services industry in the 1980s and ’90s; the growing popularity of complex and risky derivatives; the
real estate bubble and the explosion of subprime lending -— none of these developments were exactly
secret. On the contrary, they were celebrated as vindications of the power and wisdom of markets.
Accordingly, Mr. Ferguson recycles choice moments of triumphalism, courtesy of Lawrence H. Summers,
George W. Bush, Alan Greenspan and various cable television ranters and squawkers.

Even as stock indexes soared and profits swelled, there were always at least a few investors, economists
and government officials who warned that the frenzied speculation was leading to the abyss. Some of these
prophets without honor show up in front of Mr. Ferguson’s camera, less to gloat than to present, once
again, the analyses that were dismissed and ignored by their peers for so long.

Dozens of interviews -— along with news clips and arresting aerial shots of New York, Iceland and other
disaster areas — are folded into a clear and absorbing history, narrated by Matt Damon. The music (an
opening song, “Big Time,” by Peter Gabriel, and a score by Alex Heffes) and the clean wide-screen
cinematography provide an aesthetic polish that is welcome for its own sake and also important to the
movie’s themes. The handsomely lighted and appointed interiors convey a sense of the rarefied, privileged
worlds in which the wall Street operators and their political enablers flourished, and the elegance of
the presentation also subliminally bolsters the film’s authority. This is not a piece of ragged
muckraking or breathless advocacy. It rests its outrage on reason, research and careful argument.

The same was true of Mr. Ferguson’s previous documentary, “No End in Sight,” which focused on
catastrophic policies carried out in Iraq by President George W. Bush’s administration just after the
overthrow of Saddam Hussein. But whereas that film concentrated on a narrow view of a complex subject —
the conduct of the war rather than the at least equally controversial rationale for fighting it - “Inside

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031986