From: Kathy Rue ler

Sent: 10/24/2014 6:25:22 PM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Fwd: Story on you

Importance: — High

a Forwarded message ----------

From: "Pickler, Nedra"
Date: Oct 24, 2014 2:23 PM

Subject: Story on you

Ce:

Slug: BC-US--Obama-Attorney General,2nd Ld-Writethru

Headline: Former Obama lawyer nixes attorney general offer

Extended Headline: Former White House counsel turns down chance to succeed Eric Holder as attorney
general

Byline: By NEDRA PICKLER

Bytitle: Associated Press

WASHINGTON (AP) — Former White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler has told President Barack Obama
she doesn't want to be nominated for attorney general, after he asked her to consider succeeding Eric Holder,
people familiar with the discussions told The Associated Press on Friday.

Ruemmler was concerned that her experience as a close adviser to the president would have led to a difficult
confirmation process in the current highly charged partisan environment, the sources said, speaking on a
condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss private discussions. They say Ruemmler, a
top official at the Justice Department before moving to the White House, was also concerned that could ignite
political attacks against Obama.

Ruemmler's withdrawal, in a phone call to the president Wednesday, leaves no obvious front-runner to replace
Holder, who announced a month ago that he would step down once a replacement was confirmed. Ruemmler
brought the law enforcement bonafides of a former prosecutor in the Bush administration who won convictions
against Enron's executives and the national security expertise of a top White House official.

Other candidates that administration officials have said have been considered include Solicitor General Don
Verrilli; Labor Secretary Tom Perez; Loretta Lynch, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York; Preet
Bharara, U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York; Jenny Durkan, who resigned as U.S. attorney in
Washington state last month; former Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano; Tony West, who recently
resigned as the No. 3 official at the Justice Department and has taken a job at Pepsico; and Deputy Homeland
Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas.

Ruemmler, now a partner at Latham & Watkins specializing in government investigations, had the closest
relationship of the attorney general candidates to the president after serving as his legal gatekeeper at the White
House. But that relationship also would have brought tough scrutiny, with Republicans likely to question her
handling of controversies involving the IRS, Benghazi and the investigation of a White House volunteer in a
prostitution scandal.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026605