PRESERVING MONGOLIAN SOVEREIGNTY AND CULTURE

MONDAY, JUNE 19, 2017

The sovereignty of Mongolia is under siege.

The People’s Republic China (PRC) regards Mongolia as its “Ukraine”, i, Covertly the PRC has
ambitions not simply to make Mongolia a client or puppet state, as it was under Soviet domination,
but to integrate it with the PRC through a “voluntary” referendum, just as the Russians engineered
the assimilation of Crimea in 2014.

This was Mao Tse-tung’s prophecy and intent once China could establish parity or surpass Soviet
military and economic might.t#

As the world’s attention is focused on China’s South China Sea claims, an asymmetrical war is also
being conducted by the PRC to achieve Mongolian assimilation. Russian influence is being
marginalized, as are Mongolia’s ‘34 Neighbor’ partners such as Japan, South Korea, Germany, and
the USiv. China’s penetration and Sinification of Mongolia’s natural resources, financial system,
businesses, infrastructure, media, social media, culture, religion, security, electoral system, and
political body are each battle fronts in a multi-pronged asymmetrical campaign to isolate and then
assimilate Mongoliav.

Preserving Mongolian sovereignty demands a global awareness of the PRC’s covert intent. An
education campaign is needed both within Mongolia and globally to counter a) the PRC’s revisionist
historical justification for claiming Mongolia as their Crimea‘ and b) the PRC’s effort to isolate
Mongolia and control all aspects of Mongolia’s economy, resources, politics, and culture.

Without a counter-campaign Mongolia will in a decade’s time be assimilate and Sinicized like Inner
Mongolia and Manchuriavi. Mongolians will become strangers in their own land.

China’s assimilation of Mongolia will not only be a tragedy for the Mongolian people and the hope
for Central Asian democracy, but a threat to the balance of power in Eurasia.

1In negotiations in 1956 between the Soviets and the PRC, the Soviet negotiator, Sergo Mikoyan, and CCP
Politburo member Liu Shaogqi and Premier Zhou Enlai, the Chinese hoped to connect the granting of Mongolia
independence with the question of Stalin’s “mistakes.” The Chinese requested the Soviets cancel Mongolia
independence in the wake of Khrushchev’s condemnation of Stalin’s personality cult. Liu Shaoqi drew a
parallel between Mongolia and Ukraine. He declared that Mongolia was China’s “Ukraine”. Source: “New
Documents on Mongolia and the Cold War” by Sergey Radchenko, Wilson Center Cold War International History
Project Bulletin, Issue 16, page 343 and Document 1,

https:/Awww. wilsoncenter.org/sites/default/files/CWIHPBulletinl16 p4_1.pdf.

i In 26 February 1989 Deng Xiaoping in a revealing complaint to President Bush showed enduring Chinese
views on Mongolia in regard to how Stalin had stolen or severed Mongolia from China. “Memorandum of
Conversation between George H. W. Bush and Chairman Deng Xiaoping in Beijing”, Wilson Center, February
26, 1989,

http: //digitalarchive.wilsoncenter.org/document/116507.pdf?v=9e009d7beac46b3b33fcaafd3bcd08f5.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029427