From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 2/9/2017 10:45:36 AM
To:
Subject: Re: Edmond de Rothschild Infrastructure Expertise

yes, and their projections and needs are way above current spreads. . At least in the states hospitals are now
looking to sell real estate surrounding complexes. . assisted living. baby boomers. . airport

funds starting for rebuilds. but very large. rail ports and roads also gigantic.. . no politically

correct but profitable is alternate incarceration facilities. , always tenants :)

On Wed, Feb 8, 2017 at 6:23 PM, is -E wrotc:

Pension funds are now interested to match the maturities ?
Ariane de Rothschild

On 8 Feb 2017, at 23:22, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:

not likely in the states. toomuch money around. you should finda niche. otherwise competing with
people that have a trillion dollars in credit needs

On Wed, Feb 8, 2017 at 6:20 PM, [i <-> wrote:
If it s a debt fund , they were thinking of building it around senior and mezzanine debt which would yield 8 to
10% per yr with a kicker

Ariane de Rothschild

On 8 Feb 2017, at 12:59, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:

thanks, the issue will be returns on investment. . there is a HUGE amount of cash sitting on the
sidelines. trump will want to do private public partnerships on most things. . donald loves the
rothschild name.

On Wed, Feb 8, 2017 at 7:23 AM, EL HACHEM Johnny <g> wrote:

Dear Jeff,

As previously discussed between you and Ariane, Edmond de Rothschild is deeply involved in the building
and financing of the infrastructure in Europe. Edmond de Rothschild has an outstanding track record,
history and presence in European infrastructure, as well as being one of Europe’s most recognized financial
advisors to the infrastructure market. We have developed deep expertise in the infrastructure sector and
sought secure, well-managed assets, generating stable, long-term returns for investors.

We have done so by initiating and backing two experienced and highly-respected managers in the industry,
TIIC and BRIDGE. TIIC is an equity investor in transport and social infrastructure. BRIDGE is an infrastructure
debt provider. Both managers are covered in more detail below. Edmond de Rothschild has been heavily
involved in the launch of the below funds, providing crucial support in fund structuring, due diligence,

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026431