From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 2/26/2010 6:37:49 PM
To: Robert D. Critton Jr. iE - Jessica Cadwell
Subject: Fwd: Fw: Epstein -- | apologize if you have received this but it keeps coming back to me as undeliverable

---------- Forwarded message ----------

From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

Date: Fri, Feb 26, 2010 at 9:59 AM

Subject: Fwd: Fw: Epstein -- I apologize if you have received this but it keeps coming back to me as
undeliverable

To: "Alan M. Dershowitz" Fr Martin Weinberg

From:
Date: Wed, Feb 24, 2010 at 5:58 AM
Subject: Fw: Epstein -- I apologize if you have received this but it keeps coming back to me as undeliverable

To: jeevacation@gmail.com

To:

From: Michael Reiter/PalmBeach

Date: 07/10/2008 02:36PM

Subject: Epstein -- I apologize if you have received this but it keeps coming back to me as undeliverable

Margie,

" As you know, nothing too big or too small for us, especially in the summer" Hmmmmm. I have to be
direct -- you or someone at your paper was very astute in checking the Clerk and Comptroller's computer
and activity in the Epstein case two days before the hearing. As result, you sent me a text message on
Saturday asking what the activity was about and I confirmed that the plea would take place. You were
the only member of the news media that I talked with. And yet, after the case is completely over, the
Palm Beach Daily News' editorial staff remains silent on the topic.

Thanks,

Mike

Palm Beach Post Editorial
Monday, July 07, 2008

Two years after a grand jury indicted him on a felony charge of solicitation of prostitution, Jeffrey Epstein
finally admitted that he lured a teenage girl to his $8.5 million, 13,000-square-foot Palm Beach mansion for
sex. A week ago, the 55-year-old investment banker began serving 18 months in jail.

But that plea deal - guilty of felony solicitation of prostitution and procuring a person under the age of 18 for
prostitution - does not account for all five of the girls, one as young as 14, who alleged that Epstein sexually
abused them. And why is Epstein serving his term in the overcrowded Palm Beach County Jail and not a state
prison, where inmates are sent if their sentences are longer than one year?

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_021790