From: EL HACHEM Johny

Sent: 2/8/2017 12:01:12 PM

To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

cc: AdeR

Subject: Re: Edmond de Rothschild Infrastructure Expertise

Importance: — High

I agree with your analysis.

On the debt side the yield will be low for sure. Nevertheless by leading the consortium and by being the Equity
provider of the PPP than the double digit return will be possible

Happy to discuss further

Sent from my iPhone

On 8 févr. 2017, at 12:59, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:

thanks, the issue will be returns on investment. . there is a HUGE amount of cash sitting on the
sidelines. trump will want to do private public partnerships on most things. . donald loves the
rothschild name.

On Wed, Feb 8, 2017 at 7:23 AM, EL HACHEM Johnny aaa wrote:

Dear Jeff,

As previously discussed between you and Ariane, Edmond de Rothschild is deeply involved in the building and
financing of the infrastructure in Europe. Edmond de Rothschild has an outstanding track record, history and
presence in European infrastructure, as well as being one of Europe’s most recognized financial advisors to
the infrastructure market. We have developed deep expertise in the infrastructure sector and sought secure,
well-managed assets, generating stable, long-term returns for investors.

We have done so by initiating and backing two experienced and highly-respected managers in the industry,
TIIC and BRIDGE. TIIC is an equity investor in transport and social infrastructure. BRIDGE is an infrastructure
debt provider. Both managers are covered in more detail below. Edmond de Rothschild has been heavily
involved in the launch of the below funds, providing crucial support in fund structuring, due diligence, capital
raising, legal & compliance functions as well as the sound governance and ESG management across all funds.
Partnering with TIIC and BRIDGE has enabled Edmond de Rothschild to build a strong franchise within
infrastructure investments, complementing its overall Private Equity offering. Edmond de Rothschild has also
acted as anchor investor for these funds, demonstrating its strong alignment of interest with these
investment teams. With Ariane we strongly believe that we should absolutely find a way to collaborate
together with you to think and initiate something to serve the future needs of the US in the infrastructure
field.

Please find attached further information on each manager. This would also be a chance for us to explore
opportunities of working together in the future.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026059