From: J [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 2/1/2019 10:18:49 AM
To: Michael Wolff
Subject: Fwd:

have fun

---------- Forwarded message ---------

From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com>

Date: Fri, Feb 1, 2019 at 5:18 AM

Subject:

To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

prostittion isastate crime. never before a man in his own house charged with soliciting.! in Florida first
offenders are required to take a sex ed class and get pre trial diversion. no criminal record... there isa
felony solication for the THIRD offense.. A grand jury was held and they found me guilty of one count of
felony solitciation . because there were many girls. . mandatory diversion. sentence. .!!!!. a grand jury

. ususally only for capital murder cases. . Recarey and Reiter ( police chief ). pulled my garbage for months,
and surveilled the house . letting all the gilrs come and go?! called inthe FBI. they did not like the grand
jury result. and released to the press, the raw sewage of police interviews , ie, no girl was cross examined
EVER. . Unheardof. . - the girls retunred the house multiplie times. for 200 dollars for a rub and

tug. . no sex. . some worked in the locak massage parlors. most in thier mid twenties.. There is only
press stories told my strippers of me buying my girlfiedn from slovakia from her parents . girls under

15. . all made up to get press.._ FBI / puts a task force together title " operation leap year " to investigate
my personal massage activity?! nuts. interviews my chiropractor? medical info. . etc.

HE orked at Mara Lago. Trump knew of it. and came to my house many times during that
period. The testimony of the houseman John allessi confiremed it. He never got a massage.
abe gosman a friend of mine . ran into financial difficulty with assited living homes. . His home was listed
at 45 million dollars. with no takers for months on end . He and J agreed a price of 30m. ( His wife | | .
ends up going to jail for lying to the bankrupty trustee about her jewelry. ) this is in the summer of 04.. I
became the stalking horse bidder at 36 m. ie if someone bid higher I would receive a fee.
trump buys the house at the telephone auction. only me trump andd his friend pulty the developer.
He quickly puts it on the market for 125 million. serves the purpose of a justification for a high sale later

. and no one will touch it. it is is bough in the name of trump properties Ilc.. no idea who owns it. or
what else it" owns ".
Three years later 08 he sells it to Ryboloolev for approx 100 million. He should have had a 50 million plus
capital gain. he tells people and press he spent 20-30 m to fix up. that would justifiy a reduction in captial
gains. key question how did he report the sale , if he did at all on his 08 tax return.
He has no money. when he buys the house. His biz model is putting his name on a real estate development and
gets a fee for using his name. The hotel biz is just that. someone else buys the hotel. hoping to make a profit
from its operation and eventual sale. Trump put his name on it , and get a 2 % fee and maybe a piece of the
profit if any on sale. He touts the project as" his" .... just as in his current financial statements on file as
president he lists his" income" as the GROSS receipts of the clubs. with no expenses deducted. not his
personal revenue. ie the doral golf club loses money every year. it pays out more than it takes in , but he lists
the revenue as his income. AMAZING.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_023044