From: lay Lefkowt

Sent: 3/7/2011 7:11:08 PM
To: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]; Darren i Martin Weinberg

Subject: Fw:

Importance: — High

----- Original Message -----

From: “wolfe, Alexandra” [is
Sent: 03/07/2011 02:04 PM EST

To: Jay Lefkowitz

Subject: RE:

Dear Mr. Lefkowitz,

Here are the questions I'd like to ask Jeffrey Epstein. would he be available to answer any of these on
the phone or by email? People have told me some of his thoughts on background but I wanted to see if he
could tell me or email me anything directly I could use on the record. Also I'd like to run the
information I already have by you or him.

Thank you,
Alexandra

-what is he chiefly focusing on now? Is he spending more time on The Jeffrey Epstein Science Foundation?
could he talk about his interest in science and the 2011 grants/conference?

-How has his business been affected? Is there any new direction he's taking it? Does he still have the
same clients or new ones? Is it still at $15 billion?

-Did he still work while in prison? How was that arranged? with whom was he working/advising?

-where is he spending his time now? How has his social life changed from three years ago?

-Is he still close with Ghislaine Maxwell?

-what were friends/colleagues/acquaintances reactions to his conviction?

-what does he think about the sentence he got- was it too lenient or too harsh and why?

-what is his side of the story and have people been supportive?

-Is he continuing the charity initiatives he started with Bill Clinton, etc?

----- Original Message-----

From: Jay Letiowi:2
Sent: Mon 3/7/2011 12: PM

To: Wolfe, Alexandra

Subject:

Dear Ms. Wolfe,

I understand you have some questions about my client,
Jeffrey Epstein. Given that much of the press coverage
surrounding Mr. Epstein has been inaccurate and in some
instances, defamatory, I would like to suggest that you
send me any facutal questions so that I can provide you
with accurate responses.

I am also available to speak with you. My number is

Thank you,

Jay

BABAK AEAAKAEA BAKER EERE E EAR AREER EERE ERE E ERE EEE EEE EEE EE EES

The information contained in this communication is
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may
constitute inside information, and is intended only for
the use of the addressee. It is the property of

Kirkland & Ellis LLP or Kirkland & Ellis International LLP.
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_020822