From: Robert Kuhn [i

Sent: 5/11/2017 5:38:37 AM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Kuhn

Importance: — High

Ruminating (in Betjing traffic) on plant biology and ways to structure possible Closer To Truth (CTT) series to
portray your sense and insights.

For plant biology per se, there’s probably three strong episodes, with higher production values needed to
illustrate ideas/principles (more than the usual CTT talking heads). To fit the CTT framework (and audience
expectation), these fascinating discoveries or hints of complex, multifarious mechanisms would need to be
explored (even if not yet understood) in terms of simple, fundamental principles (applicable across disciplines -
so-called ‘general systems theory’).

This potential series on plant biology could be extended to 5-6 episodes by including medicinals - plant
derivatives that are, for some conditions, best treatments for numerous diseases. This could include, for
example, a critical look at Chinese medicine.

I think, though, there is a bigger idea lurking here. Your unique ways of thinking, exemplified by plant biology,
encourages another, larger possibility for a significant CTT series. Each of the topics you’ve brought up, and
many of your past fundings, sought kinds of breakthroughs or radically new ways of approaching reality and the
knowledge and manipulation of reality. So, how about producing a big CTT series on just that - "Radical
Breakthroughs”?

I can imagine CTT episodes on each of the following kinds of topics you’ve mentioned, in which radical
breakthroughs or deep structural significance are being appreciated:

- Plant Biology

- Deception (biology)

- Power Laws ("found everywhere in nature, Pareto, law of large numbers”’)
- New Math ("category theory, membrane computing, as a new tool for cognition”)

- Mathematics and Truth
- Music ("a tool to interogate the brain, not a product of but a lense into the inner software”)

- Dreams ("always on, consciousness blocking access, schizo have sleep disorders’’)
- Power (nature,as you said, "financial, physical, intellectual, ability to do things in a local space")

I’m sure there are other such categories of ‘radical breakthrough’ - for example, several wild ideas in
neuroscience, such as levels of information from sub-cellular to massive circuitry.

We would clearly unify the topics and episodes with an overarching thematic vision of “radical breakthroughs”
that “challenge conventional wisdom” (this phrase was an early Closer To Truth subtitle).

Several of these topics can have more than one episode. We can easily produce 13 high-quality episodes and
thus have a coherent full season on “Radical Breakthroughs", which would be distributed and marketed as such.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025310