12 The Virgin Islands Daily News

PERVERSION OF JUSTICE

Saturday, March 2, 2019

Federal prosecutors admit backing down
Epstein’s attorneys applied relentless pressure, they say

By JULIE K. BROWN
Miami Herald

In recent court filings, the government was
forced to answer questions about its negotia-
tions, finally admitting in 2013 that federal
prosecutors had backed down under relentless
pressure by Jeffrey Epstein’s attomeys.

“The government admits that, at least in part
as a result of objections lodged by Epstein’s law-
yers to victim notifications, the [United States
Attomey’s Office] reevaluated its obligations
to provide notification to victims and Jane Doe
#1 was thus not told that the
US.AO had entered into a
non-prosecution agreement
with Epstein until after it
was signed,” wrote Assistant
| U.S. Attorney Dexter Lee.
| Said Francey Hakes, the
former federal prosecutor:
“| have never heard of a case
where federal prosecutors
consult with a defense at-
torney before they send out
standard victim notification
letters. To negotiate what
the letters would say and whether they would be
sent at all suggest that the victims’ rights were
violated multiple times.”

Kenneth Starr's aggressive advocacy for
Epstein against allegations of improper sexual
behavior was in stark contrast to the path he
took investigating President Bill Clinton as
independent counsel forthe Whitewater probe.

The Starr Report, the summary of his find
ings in the Whitewater investigation, which
started as a probe of a land deal gone sour and
veered into an investigation of sexual miscon-
duct, savaged the president for his involvement
with White House intern Monica Lewinsky and
was the basis for impeachment.

Starr himself would face criticism in 2016 —
he stepped down as president of Baylor Univer-
sity amid allegations that he and other university
officials mishandled sexual assault allegations
brought by female students against members of
the school’s football team.

The Miami Herald reached out to Starr,
through certified letter and through a spokesman
for his current law firm, the Lanier Firm, but did
not receive a response for this story.

Palm Beach police detective Joseph Recarey,
one of the most highly decorated officers on
the Palm Beach Police Department, called the
Epstein case the most troubling of his 23-year
career.

“Some of the victims were — and still are —
afraid of Epstein,” he said as part of a series of
interviews with the Herald earlier this year.

Privately, Michael Reiter and Recarey said
they held onto hope that Epstein would be
brought to trial someday, but they said that that
notion had faded.

“Lalways hoped that the plea would be
thrown out and that these teenage girls, who
were labeled as prostitutes by prosecutors,
would get to finally shed that label and see him
go to prison where he belongs,” Recarey said.

Recarey died in May after a briefillness. He

Kenneth
Starr

File photo by MIAMI HERALD

After he pleaded guilty in state court, Jeffrey Epstein was assigned to a private section of the Palm Beach County stockade. Soon, however, he
was allowed to leave the compound six days a week, 12 hours a day, for what was termed work release.

Sietwe: | Relemed -Reavired to

toe wiTss

Jeffrey Epstein, ac-
cused of sexually
abusing dozens of un-
derage women, grins
for his mugshot on
Florida's sex offender
registry. He once

Esinter

ce Saaec the Dent of
Comecsions Website

Ohne 1833

compared his crimes
to “stealing a bagel.”

Photo by FLORIDA SEX
OFFENDER REGISTRY

was 50 years old.
Epstein’s sentencing hearing

Jeffrey Edward Epstein appeared at his

At the end of the 68-minute hearing, the
55-year-old silver-haired financier — accused
of sexually abusing dozens of underage girls
—was fingerprinted and handcuffed, just like

sentencing on June 30, 2008 atthe Palm Beach — any other criminal sentenced in Florida.

County Courthouse dressed comfortably in a
blue blazer, blue shirt, jeans and gray sneakers.
His attorney, Jack Goldberger, was at his side.

But inmate No. W35755 would not be
treated like other convicted sex offenders in the
state of Florida, which has some of the strictest

sex offender laws in the nation.

Ten years before the #MeToo movement
raised awareness about the kid-glove handling
of powerful men accused of sexual abuse,
Epstein’s lenient sentence and his extraordi-
nary treatment while in custody are still the
source of consternation for the victims he was
accused of molesting when they were minors.

Beginning as far back as 2001, Epstein lured
a steady stream of underage girls to his Palm
Beach mansion to engage in nude massages,
masturbation, oral sex and intercourse, court
and police records show.

The girls — mostly from disadvantaged
families — were recruited from middle schools
and high schools around Palm Beach County.
Epstein would pay the girls for massages and
offer them further money to bring him new
girls every time he was at his home in Palm
Beach, according to police reports.

The girls, now in their late 20s and early
30s, allege in a series of federal civil lawsuits
filed during the last decade that Epstein sexu-
ally abused hundreds of girls, not only in Palm
Beach, but at his homes in Manhattan, New
Mexico and on Little St. James island in the
U.S. Virgin Islands.

Special treatment in prison
In 2007, the FBI had prepared a 53-page

federal indictment charging Epstein with sex
crimes that could have put him in federal

See PERVERSION, next page

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_022211