From: US GIO [us.gio@jpmorgan.com]

Sent: 8/4/2011 11:41:48 PM
To: Undisclosed recipients:;
Subject: On today's financial market developments

Attachments: 08-04-11 - EOTM - Market update.pdf

This is a little unorthodox, but here is the text of an internal note that I just sent to our integrated Private Bank client
coverage teams a few moments ago. Mary thought it would be a good idea to share this with our clients given the events
of the day.

“Here is what I plan to say at our Aspen Insights conference tomorrow about today’s events. The last two weeks have
been a severe setback for financial markets and the global recovery.

[1] Today, Italian equity markets sold off sharply and were eventually shut down after the ECB (for now) rejected
being the buyer of last resort for Italian government bonds, as the markets were hoping. The Bundesbank
apparently has objections to the idea. This is a problem: Italy has issued around as much public debt as Germany, but
is a considerably smaller country with almost twice the debt load as a percentage of its GDP. Absent a decision by
Germany to move to Federalism or a lot more debt monetization by the ECB, the European Monetary Union (as it is
currently configured) could be facing its final stretch. Today’s reported move by Italian regulators to seize documents at
Moody’s regarding declines in Italian bank stocks is an indication of the pressure the system is under, and the possible
search for scapegoats. I don’t think you will find a firm that has written more often and more direly about the structural
inconsistencies of the EMU than we have (I have a 2-year bibliography of what we said and when, if anyone wants

it). The “Sick Men of Europe” paper from February 2010 and “Don Quixote Thanksgiving” from November 2010 go into
the greatest detail on why. Our concerns sky-rocketed upon Greece’s financial disclosures in November 2009, after
which we took portfolio decisions to back that up, purging exposures to the GIPSI countries from our credit, government
bond and equity portfolios. Since early 2010, our underweight positions in Europe represent the largest regional
underweights we have ever held.

[2] Will there be another recession in the US? Our friend Marty Feldstein at Harvard puts the odds at 50-50. Sell
side and buy side economists missed last month’s US economic rollover by a country mile, so I am not sure how much
weight to put in their current forecasts. Most summarily dismissed our concerns that the recovery earlier this year had
elements of a stimulus-driven mirage. Bridgewater Associates was the only firm we spoke to that consistently
highlighted the broader process of household deleveraging; and cautioned that when stimulus faded, so would the US
economy, given the weakness in household income. Their insights have been invaluable to us in terms of not stepping
into this and taking too much risk prematurely during the three market swoons this year. Our central scenario for the US
in 2012 is not another recession, but low growth in the 2.0% range, which is enough of a problem given the low job
creation that entails. Note that the CBO assumes growth rates of 3.0% to 3.6% over the next few years in their analyses
of future US federal debt levels.

[3] Do not blame today’s events on the debt ceiling debate, US politicians or European regulators. If we get to the
point where economic and profit fundamentals in a given market or region are not sustainable on their own, then
we should be underweight that region (as in Europe). Owning an asset class under the assumption that there will
always be a “Lord of the Flies” type rescue from Central Banks and Treasuries is very risky, and historically, fraught with
failure. I remember similar logic in the summer of 1998, when the accepted mantra was that the US would bail out
Russia and Boris Yeltsin, since President Clinton would not want to see a nuclear power like Russia slide back into Soviet
rule, or anarchy (that view turned out to be wrong). Anyone market-weight European risk out of the expectation that
“Trichet and Merkel will fix surely it” is taking a binary risk that impossible to handicap. Similarly, we should not start
buying anything just because we think Qe3 is coming in the US (in the form of securities purchases, a permanently
controlled long bond, etc).

[4] When we began this year, I made the following decision: we would risk underperforming if there was a strong
equity rally, out of concerns about the macroeconomic landscape (weakness in the West, inflation in the East). As
a result, we have held less equity exposure than usual for a period of high margins, low P/E multiples and strong
earnings. Instead, we’ve held larger exposures to investment grade and high yield credit, and hedge funds. Over the last
couple of years, our hedge funds (long-short funds with low net positions, macro hedge funds, distressed credit) have

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_031156