Unique Public High Schools Cited by Obama, Get Substantial Backing from Science
Investor, Jeffrey Epstein

A group of uniquely run public schools in New York State and New Jersey have been brought
into the spotlight from recent financial backing from science investor, Jeffrey Epstein and his
foundation, The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation. The schools are called the Bard High School
Early College schools (BHSEC) and are located in Manhattan and Queens of New York City and

in Newark, New Jersey.

The Bard schools are not charter schools. They operate under the governance of New York State
and New Jersey. However, they run with the efficiency and success of a prominent charter school.
The schools are small, with less than 600 students each and a student teacher ratio of 20 to 1.
Admission is academically exclusive, focusing on academic records, writing and math assessments
and an eagerness for ideas and learning. And like most charter schools, the BHSEC schools
critically have autonomy, even though they have to meet Regent state exams and graduation
guidelines. They have the autonomy to run their teaching staff, budget and choose their

curriculum.

Unlike charter schools however, the BHSEC schools provide an entire high school curriculum in
just two years and then two years of college level credits. After four years, students graduate with
sixty college credits, a New York State Regents or New Jersey high school diploma, and a Bard
College Associate in Arts degree in liberal arts and sciences. The accelerated approach stems from
the schools’ belief that many young people are ready and eager to do serious college work at age

sixteen and that young adults' ambition to learn must be taken seriously.

The results have been exceptional: 95% of BHSEC graduates move on to a four-year college. In
July, 2009, President Obama, addressing the NAACP’s centennial convention cited the schools as
a public education role model for the nation: “Innovations like Bard High School Early College
and Medgar Evers College Preparatory School that are challenging students to complete high
school and earn a free associate’s degree or college credit in just four years.” In 2012, The New
York Observer ranked the BHSEC Manhattan school as the #1 public high school in New York
City, with an A+ grade, outranking the top private school.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026565