From: Joscha Bach a |

Sent: 7/24/2016 5:23:46 AM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Re: Mechanisms for learning

Importance: — High

Average humans are probably not fully able to learn how to program etc. Fraction of people that reshape the
world are at the right end of the Bell curves, so difference in variation means fewer women. We tend to be more
interested in the outliers. Have people explicitly evolved to be not to be too smart on average, or is general
intelligence so hard to get from human brains?

Am 24.07.2016 um 00:20 schrieb jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:

the average is the only thing that matters

On Sat, Jul 23, 2016 at 6:02 PM, Joscha Bach {> wrote:

Am 23.07.2016 um 04:41 schrieb jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>:

Cells seem to be mostly indistinguishable (except for XX), I thought?
Size is different on average, but males with small brains are still male.

Variation of all traits is higher for males, so there are more high IQ men (wider bell-curve). Given average
brain size difference, the small difference in average IQ is surprising, I think

gender differenece. unlikely motivational. every cell is different. size is didfferent. .

the more radical idea is that brains are the nucleus of the human" cell: the body the membrane, . the
organizm the colletcions and interactions of brains. wisdom of crowds . mirroring. etc. . money used
as signals. as is spoken language.. what does social behavior mean , it is the cooridiation of indiv

brains. =

I think that mathematics based thinking does not allow for censorship. money people concepts if they are
all math , then political correctness and their structures are only subsets of a larger group of thoughts. its
not emotinal for me.

most people have censorship built in at a deep level, social reasoning gets to different results than equivalent
abstract reasoning

On Sat, Jul 23, 2016 at 3:02 AM, Joscha Bach wrote:
Some thoughts I meant to send back for a long time:

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025960