14 The Virgin Islands Daily News

PERVERSION OF JUSTICE

How a future Trump Cabinet member

Wednesday, February 27 2019

gave a Serial sex abuser the deal of a lifetime

By JULIE K. BROWN
Miami Herald

MIAMI — On a muggy October morning in
2007, Miami's top federal prosecutor, Alexan-
der Acosta, had a breakfast appointment with a
former colleague, Washington, D.C., attorney Jay
Letkowitz,

It was an unusual mecting for the then-38-
year-old prosecutor, a rising Republican star who
had served in several White House posts before
being named U.S, attomey in Miami by President
George W. Bush.

Instead of meeting at the prosecutor's Miami
headquarters, the two men — both with profes-
sional roots in the prestigious Washington law
finn of Kirkland & Ellis — convened at the
Marriott in West Palm Beach, about 70 miles
away. For Lefkowitz, 44, a U.S, special envoy to
North Korea and corporate lawyer, the meeting
was critical.

His client, Palm Beach multimillionaire Jeffrey
Epstein, 54, was accused of assembling a large,
cultlike network of underage girls — with the
help of young female recnuiters —to coerce into
having sex acts behind the walls of his opulent
waterfront mansion as often as three times a day,
the Town of Palm Beach police found.

The cecentric hedge fund manager, whose
friends included former President Bill Clinton,
Donald Trump and Prince Andrew, was also
suspected of trafficking minor girls, often from
overseas, for sex parties at his other homes in
Manhattan, New Mexico and the Virgin Islands,
FBI and court records show.

Facing a 53-page federal indictment, Epstein
could have ended up in federal prison for the rest
of his life,

But on the morning of the breakfast meet-
ing, a deal was struck — an extraordinary plea
agreement that would conceal the full extent
of Epstein’ crimes and the number of people
involved.

Not only would Epstein serve just 13 months
in the county jail, but the deal — called a non-
prosecution agreement — essentially shut down
an ongoing FBI probe into whether there were
more victims and other powerful people who
took part in Epstein's sex crimes, according to
a Miami Herald examination of thousands of
emails, court documents and FBI records.

The pact required Epstein to plead guilty to
two prostitution charges in state court.

Epstein and four of his accomplices named in
the agreement received immunity from all federal
criminal charges. But even more unusual, the
deal included wording that granted immunity to
“any potential co-conspirators” who were also
involved in Epstein’s crimes,

These accomplices or participants were not
identified inthe agreement, leaving it open to
interpretation whether it possibly referred to other
influential people who were having sex with
underage girls at Epstein’s various homes or on
his plane.

As partof the arrangement, Acosta agreed,
despite a federal law to the contrary, that the deal
would be kept from the victims, As a result, the
non-prosecution agreement was sealed until after
it was approved by the judge, thereby averting

File photo by ABACA PRESS

U.S. Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta, when he was a federal prosecutor in Miami, helped

negotiate an agreement that greatly reduced the severity of the conviction of Jeffrey Epstein, a

sexual abuser of girls.

any chance that the girls — or anyone else —
might show up in court and try to derail it.
This is the story of how Epstein, bolstered by

unlimited funds and represented by a powerhouse

legal team, was able to manipulate the criminal
justice system, and how his accusers, still trau-

matized by their pasts, believe they were betrayed

by the very prosecutors who pledged to protect
them.

“1 don’t think anyone has been told the truth
about what Jeffrey Epstein did,” said one of
Epstein’s victims, Michelle Licata, now 30. “He
ruined my life and a lot of girls’ lives. People
need to know what he did and why he wasn't
prosecuted so it never happens again.”

Now President Donald Trump's secretary of
labor, Acosta, 49, oversees a massive federal
agency that provides oversight of the country’s
labor laws, including human trafficking.

Acosta didnot respond to numerous requests

66

Jeffrey preyed on girls who were in
a bad way, girls who were basically
homeless. He went after girls who
he thought no one would listen to
and he was right.

— Courtney Wild,
who was 14 when she met Epstein

for an interview or answer queries through email.
But court records reveal details of the nego-
tations and the role that Acosta would play in
arranging the deal, which scuttled the federal
probe into a possible international sex trafficking
operation. Among other things, Acosta allowed
Epstein’s lawyers unusual freedoms in dictating
the terms of the non-prosecution agreement.
“The damage that
happened in this case is un-
conscionable,” said Bradley
Edwards, a former state
prosecutor who represents
some of Epstein’s victims,
“How in the world, do you,
the U.S. attorney, engage in
anegotiation with a cnminal
defendant, basically allowing
that criminal defendant to
write up the agreement?”

Bradley
Edwards

Asa result, neither the victims — nor even the
judge — would know how many girls Epstein
allegedly sexually abused between 2001 and
2005, when his underage sex activities were first
uncovered by police. Police referred the case to
the FBI a year later, when they began to suspect
that their investigation was being undermined by
the Palm Beach State Attomey’s Office.

Not ‘he said, she said’

“This was not a *he said,
she said’ situation. This was
$0-something ‘shes’ and
one ‘he’ — and the ‘shes’
all basically told the same
story,” said retired Palm
Beach Police Chief Michael
Reiter, who supervised the
police probe.

More than a decade later,
at atime when Olympic
gymnasts and Hollywood
actresses have become a catalyst fora cultural
reckoning about sexual abuse, Epstein’s victims
have all but been forgotten,

The women — now in their late 20s and early
30s — are still fighting for an elusive justice that
even the passage of time has not made right.

Like other victims of sexual abuse, they be-
lieve they've been silenced by a cnminal justice
system that stubbomly fails to hold Epstein and
other wealthy and powerful men accountable.

“Jefirey preyed on girls who were in a bad
way, girls who were basically homeless. He went
after girls who he thought no one would listen to
and he was right,” said Courtney Wild, who was
14 when she met Epstein.

Over the past year, the Miami Herald ex-
amined a decade's worth of court documents,
lawsuits, witness depositions and newly released
FBI documents. Key people involved in the
investigation — most of whom have never
spoken before — were also interviewed. The
Herald also obtained new records, including the
full unredacted copy of the Palm Beach police
investigation and witness statements that had
been kept under seal,

The Herald leamed that, as part of the plea
deal, Epstein provided what the government
called “valuable consideration” for unspecified
information he supplied to federal investigators,
While the documents obtained by the Herald
don't detail what the information was, Epstein’s
sex. crime case happened just as the country’s
subprime mortgage market collapsed, ushering in
the 2008 global financial crisis.

Records show that Epstein was a key fed-
eral witness in the criminal prosecution of two
prominent executives with Bear Stearns, the
global investment brokerage that failed in 2008,
who were accused of corporate secunties fraud.
Epstein was one of the langest investors in the
hedge fund managed by the executives, who were
later acquitted. It is not known what role, if any,
the case played in Epstem’s plea negotiations.

The Herald also identified about 80 women
who say they were molested or otherwise sexu-
ally abused by Epstein from 2001 to 2006. About

Michael Reiter

See PERVERSION, page 16

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_023047