Date: Friday, July 12011 10:38 PM
Subject: Re: Huffington Post
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

To: Peggy Siega! <r

I think a great opportunity has arisen. Just like the headlines of a hotel maid now proven to have lied in the
Stauss Kahn case. The girl who accused Prince Andrew can also easily be proven to be a liar. I think
Buckingham Palace would love it . You should task someone to investigate the girl Virginia Roberts, that has
caused the Queens son all this agro. I promise you she is a fraud. you and 1 will be able to go to ascot for the
rest of our lives. I know there is a public police report that no one has had the courage to publish, as they do not
want to be seen attacking a" vicitm", but being falsely accused will be the new headline

On Fri, Jul 1, 2011 at 2:43 PM, Peggy Sicgal i wrote:

Ifyou rewrite your last email in better grammar, (and so I have a better understanding) I can cut and paste and send it to Arianna
Huffington from me.....

Did you know why Prince Albert's Charlene fled to the airport with a one way ticket back to South Africa? Because she found out about a
third illegitimate child that is 3 months old...the palace officials followed her to the airport and propably made her an offer she could not
refuse...will get details from Jim Coleman when he comes home Sunday night.

In Southampton now. Peg

---— Original Message ---—

From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: Peggy Siegal

Sent: Fri Jul 01 07:18:25 2011

Subject:

should you point out to Ariana Huff, that the same type of person, same as strauss Kahn is Andrews accuser, ,long criminal record. total
liar. Ariana should champion the dangers of false allegations. send areporter or reporters to investigate,.. the palace would love it, the
girl in the photo , was nothing more than a telephone answerer,, she was never 15, according to her version she worked for trump , first at
that age, at MAra lago. ITs ridiculous. but the press like strauss kahn is afraid to question women.

PIS 2 IS FS FIC FIC 8 8 FIC FAS 2g 2 5S 5S 2S 2S 28 2S 2S 2 2 5S FS FIC 2S 2g 28 2S 2S 2K 2 SIS FS FIC FIC 2 28 FS IS 2 2 IS IS 2S FIC 28 2 2S IS 2 2S 8 IS 2 2 2

The information contained in this communication is
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may
constitute inside information, and is intended only for

the use of the addressee. It is the property of

Jeffrey Epstein

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited
and may be unlawful. If you have received this
communication in error, please notify us immediately by
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and

destroy this communication and all copies thereof,
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030628