Date: Sunday, April 3 2011 08:44 PM
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

To: Lesley Grof a

Posted 02 August 2010 - 12:47 AM
Jeffrey Epstein, Jew Billionaire Pedophile, Child Trafficker Goes Free..WoW! 20 year old Hearsay is enough to destroy catholic

priest. What happened here to the justice system?

Conchita Sarnoff
http://www.thedailyb...hile- goes-free/
Conchita Sarnoff has developed multimedia communication programs for Fortune 500 companies and has produced three current events

debate television aaah The Americas Forum, From Beirut to Kabul, and a segment for The Oppenheimer Report.

Hedge fund mogul and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, who went free this week, lived in a depraved world of thrice-daily massages,

pornographic artwork, and hush money—that’s only now being revealed. Conchita Sarnoff follows up on her investigation of the legal
wrangling that saved him from a long prison term and reports on the sordid details in part two of her exclusive exposé. Also:

* Palm Beach’s police chief objected to Epstein’s “special treatment” and gave The Daily Beast an exclusive look at his nine-hour
deposition about the investigation.

ues genes

* The victims also alleged trips out of state and abroad on Epstein’s private jets, which would be evidence of sex trafficking—a much

more serious federal crime than the state charges Epstein was convicted of.

* Epstein’s attorneys investigated members of the Palm Beach Police Department, while others ordered private investigators to follow and
intimidate the victims’ families; one even posed as a police officer.

Film director Roman Polanski is not the only convicted pedophile to walk free this month and return to a life of privilege. On Wednesday,

hedge fund manager Jeffrey Epstein completes his one-year house arrest in Palm Beach, which has been even less arduous than Polanski’s
time at a Swiss ski chalet.

Watch Jeffrey Epstein Storm Out of a Deposition When Asked About His Penis

During Epstein’s term of “house arrest,” he made several trips each month to his New York home and his private Caribbean island. In the
earlier stage of his sentence for soliciting prostitution with a minor—13 months in the Palm Beach Stockade—he was allowed out to his

office each day. Meanwhile, Epstein has settled more than a dozen lawsuits brought by the underage girls who were recruited to perform

an amount that will hardly dent Epstein’s $2 billion net worth.

* Conchita Sarnoff: Epstein Faces Sex Traffic Probe
* The Billionaire Pedphile's Sex Den

With that, the known victims of Epstein’s sexual compulsion have been officially silenced, and the case against him is closed unless new
ones come forward. oni ee Mee an ore

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029625