Unauthorized redistribution of this report is prohibited. This report is intended for kaasha.saini@baml.com

Cause and Effect
Fade the Trump risk premium — buy USD

Concerns over stagflation return

In our view, the most interesting and important development in the global financial
market so far this year has been the divergence between rising US inflation breakevens
and falling US real yields. Rightly or wrongly, investors appear to have become
concerned about upside risk to inflation and downside risk to growth.

The Trump risk premium

Informal surveys of our clients suggest that stagflation concerns are being fed by
growing pessimism about the new Trump administration. Investors seem to think that
potential trade wars and a border adjustment tax (BAT) would boost inflation while
repealing Obamacare and the controversy regarding the BAT could delay the highly
anticipated tax reform.

Perception versus reality

In this report, we argue why the Trump risk premium may be too high. The
administration’s dealing with both China and Mexico in recent weeks suggests to us that
the near-term risk of open trade wars has abated. We are also less concerned that
Obamacare will take precedence over tax reform.

Most crucially, we think the overall tax reform is less dependent on the BAT than usually
thought. Our scenario analysis shows that what has been getting priced into the market
since January (higher inflation, lower USD) may be actually the least likely path for the
BAT. In more plausible scenarios, the USD does quite well and inflation breakevens
should be either unchanged or lower.

How to trade it?

We could get details on the tax reform as early as the new president’s speech to joint
session of Congress on February 28, 2017. We think this could validate our view of a
stronger USD.

Taking advantage of clean positioning and the decline in implied FX vol lately, we
recommend buying a 6w ATM EUR put/USD call (spot reference at 1.0615}, costing
1.1% EUR. A 6-week option will cover also the March Fed meeting and the Dutch
election (both on March 15) that could also work in favour of the trade. A risk to the
trade is that is weak February data takes the possibility of a March Fed hike off the
table completely.

A list of open trades and those closed in the last 12 months can be found in our Global
Liquid Markets Weekly.

Trading ideas and investment strategies discussed herein may give rise to significant risk and are not
suitable for all investors. Investors should have experience in FX markets and the financial resources to
absorb any losses arising from applying these ideas or strategies.

BofA Merrill Lynch does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research reports. As a
result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the
objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making
their investment decision.

Refer to important disclosures on page 9 to 10. Analyst Certification on page 8. 11710696

Timestamp: 13 February 2017 06:00AM EST

Bankof America
Merrill Lynch

13 February 2017

FX and Rates

Global
e e
The First
Days
David Woo
FX, Rates & EM Strategist
MLPF&S

+1 646 855 5442
david.woo@baml.com

Global Rates & Currencies Research

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_014721