From: PETER MANDELSON (SS

Sent: 1/22/2011 3:00:54 PM
To: jeevacation@gmail.com
Subject: This is business develpt to diagnose illness

Importance: — High

On 16 November 2010 18:34, Michael Greenberg i wrote:

Ben and Lord Mandelson:
My late reply does no justice to my enthusiasm to follow up on our previous call and to your interest in the same. Apologies.

A word of explanation about the past two weeks:
= Financing:
Am in the midst of a $8-10 mn financing
In past two weeks have met potential investors in Toronto, Vancouver, DC, NYC, and Boston.
Have in this time already closed approximately $2 mn, which is encouraging
This pace will continue for another month or so until the financing is fully closed.
= US DoD:

Last week several of us took our prototype device to be demonstrated for the US military’s Walter Reed Army Institute of
Research (WRAIR).

At the conclusion of a four-hour session our host, Colonel Colin Ohrt, MD, who is in charge of the relevant WRAIR program,
called our device a game-changer. He would like to pilot our device in Tanzania, Cambodia, Kenya, and Thailand. Follow up is
being arranged.

Colonel Ohrt also separately evaluated our white paper on malaria elimination and expressed strong interest in also pursuing this
project with Fio.

Accompanying Fio for these meetings was General Richard Tubb, MD (retired last year from the US Air Force). Dick was Chief
of the White House Medical Unit and physician to Presidents Clinton and Bush.

=» USAID

Also last week we successfully demonstrated our device for USAID and the President’s Malaria Initiative (PMI). Follow up is
being arranged.

Accompanying Fio for these meetings was Andrew Natsios, former head of USAID.
For all the foregoing meetings our prototype device performed well. Exciting times.

My trip to London has yet to be arranged and is dependent on financing events. In the meantime, I will happily travel to meet you
in NYC.

Attached is the White Paper on Malaria Elimination which Fio had written and invited several academic partners to join. Since the
time the document was first drafted, we discovered an even simpler technical strategy based on our new prototype device and
reinforced by our recent discussion with WRAIR. This simplification would result in field trials as early as next year, which is
much sooner than in the attached White Paper. To accomplish this we would team up with WRAIR rather than some of the current
academic partners in the paper.

Best regards and wishes,

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029914