From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 3/7/2011 5:26:02 PM
To: Martin Weinberg
Subject: Fwd: Fwd: FW: Please forward

Attachments: image001.png

a Forwarded message ----------

From: Peter Mandelson <j >

Date: Mon, Mar 7, 2011 at 9:16 AM
Subject: Re: Fwd: FW: Please forward
To: "jJeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com>

No !!

From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto :jeevacation@gmail.com]
Sent: Monday, March 07, 2011 05:01 PM

To: Peter Mandelson BT

Subject: Fwd: FW: Please forward

From: Kirsty Mackenzie

Sent: Monday, March 07, 2011 11:11 AM
To: Jack Goldberger

Subject: RE: Please forward

Tam writing in an attempt to make contact with Jeffrey Epstein and wondered if you would, as his attorney, forward this message on
to him?

We are keen to explore the possibility of conducting an interview with Mr Epstein, on the subject of the stories which are circulating,
however inaccurately, about both him and Prince Andrew, the Duke of York; we'd be keen to hear from Mr Epstein first hand so that
the various and at times, speculative reporting which is at large in the UK press can be better scrutinised?

Let me tell you a bit about the Today programme.

Today is the BBC's main morning news show; we have been part of the BBC for over 50 years and are generally considered one of the
most important news broadcast outlets - either on radio or TV - here in the UK. We set the news agenda for the BBC and in many
respects we set the daily news agenda for the country. Our interviews are regularly re broadcast across the BBC's national and
international news network including - BBC World, BBC World Service and BBC Online. The combination of these outlets means
the global 'reach’ of a BBC Today programme interview is second to none.

Programme guests have included a selection of some of the biggest names in politics, business, international relations and the arts
including US Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner, President Nicholas Sarkozy, President Hamid Karzai, HRH the Prince of Wales,
former President Musharraf, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, former President Bill Clinton, Senator George Mitchell, Al
Gore, Kofi Annan, former Prime Minister Tony Blair, the Dalai Lama, Bill Gates, George Soros, Stephen Hawking, Sir Paul
McCartney, Mick Jaggar and Salman Rushdie.

We are a programme that carries considerable weight and influence and which prides itself in being a first port of call for many of the
most important and influential figures on the international stage.

I can best be reached via my cell phone - Po - or this email address.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030516