Date: Saturday, March 12 2011 02:15 AM
Subject: Fw: Daily Mail
From: Gmax

To: jeevacation@gmail.com;

-—— Original Message -----

From: Ross ¢0w a -

To: C2 <i
>; Ross Gow ~ 'a Jan Ian Maxwell iii ..
Kevin Maxwell —_—* Gareth Thompson <j

Bn eeeeeer—C—“CtiCSS

Cc: Brian Basham {ii i_ i

Sent: Thu Mar 10 16:29:24 2011
Subject: Re: Daily Mail

Maz is the most devious and cunning of the bunch. However, Editors can pay for people, stories and documents. They can even pay

criminals if it is in the public interest.

Maz can pay who he wants for info but the Yorkshire Ripper for instance, as a convicted criminal, can't sell his story...unless in public

interest cos there was say, a bent detective.

Below is from PCC Code for Editors. It is not well drafted.

15
Witness payments in criminal trials

1) No payment or offer of payment to a witness - or any person who
may reasonably be expected to be called as a witness - should be made
in any case once proceedings are active as defined by the Contempt of
Court Act 1981.

This prohibition lasts until the suspect has been freed
unconditionally by police without charge or bail or the proceedings
are otherwise discontinued; or has entered a guilty plea to the court;
or, in the event of a not guilty plea, the court has announced its
verdict.

*i1) Where proceedings are not yet active but are likely and

foreseeable, editors must not make or offer payment to any person who
may reasonably be expected to be called as a witness, unless the
information concerned ought demonstrably to be published in the public
interest and there is an over-riding need to make or promise payment

for this to be done; and all reasonable steps have been taken to

ensure no financial dealings influence the evidence those witnesses
give. In no circumstances should such payment be conditional on the
outcome of atrial.

*ii1) Any payment or offer of payment made to a person later cited to
give evidence in proceedings must be disclosed to the prosecution and

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030229