The case for naming a U.S. secretary of Culture - latimes.com Page | of 3

latimes.com/entertainment/arts/culture/la-et-cm-secretary-of-culture-notebook-
20130120,0,162825.story

latimes.com

The case for naming a U.S. secretary of Culture

Music critic Mark Swed says it's time we have someone in the Cabinet who can
speak to our common identity: Arts and the humanities help us figure out who we
are.

By Mark Swed, Los Angeles Times Music Critic
6:00 AM PST, January 19, 2013

Along with adding the finishing touches to his advertisement
inaugural address on Monday, President Obama has ee
plenty on his plate. He is consumed by the
responsibilities of selecting new Cabinet members and
preparing strategies to get them confirmed. He already
had his fair share of critics, and the last thing he needs
is a music critic telling him how to run the country.

So I'm sorry to have to be the one to remind you, Mr.
President, that you've left someone out. Secretary of
Culture. It's time.

Despite a troubling international reduction of :
government support for the arts thanks to the world AT PAT ra Nc AD
economic crises, most countries still manage to ORANGE COUNTY MUSEUM OF ART
maintain ministries of culture, and not just seats of
Western civilization such as France, Italy, Spain, Great Britain and Greece but also in Albania, Brazil,
Haiti, Ethiopia, Cambodia and about 50 other countries. We, instead, have the National Endowment
for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities.

PHOTOS: Arts and culture in pictures by The Times

I'm a great supporter of these institutions, but I'm calling for their removal and the creation of a new
Cabinet-level agency for culture. The NEA, to which I've been closest in my career, is a wonderful
organization, doing what it can to support institutions (if no longer individual artists) large and small.
But it is also a political football and it is always going to be one.

One of the calls to abolish the NEA, for instance, came from Mitt Romney in last year's campaign, as
part of his proposal to balance the budget. But during the debates Obama failed to note that
investment in the arts is a more reliable jobs creator than in nearly all industries, nor is it easily
outsourced. That has been an idée fixe of the Obama-appointed outgoing NEA head, Rocco

http://www. latimes.com/entertainment/arts/culture/la-et-cm-secretary-of-culture-notebook... 3/27/2013
HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026598