Friday, March 1, 2019

PERVERSION OF JUSTICE

The Virgin Islands Daily News 13

fo.

The home of Jeffrey Epstein has a large waterfront footprint in the Town of Palm Beach, not far from President Trump's Mara-Lago.

PERVERSION

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 12

the entire block on 71st Street between Fifth and
Madison avenues.

He also owns a 10,000-acre ranch, named
“Zorro,” in New Mexico, a private island called
“Little St. James” in the Virgin Islands, the $13
million house in Palm Beach, a Gulfstream jet
and, at one point, owned a Boeing 727.

He has never been in the Forbes 400 list of the
wealthiest Americans, largely because the maga-
zine has never been able to determine the source
orthe size of his wealth.

He has been dogged by questions about his
financial dealings. A former business partner,
Steven Hoffenberg, sued him in 2016, clairm-
ing that Epstein was the mastermind behinda
$500 million Ponzi scheme that Hoffenberg was
imprisoned for in 1995.

Hoffenberg served 18 years forthe scam, but
he later dropped the lawsuit against Epstein.

In August, two of Hoffenberg’s former inves-
tors rekindled the lawsuit against Epstein, but the
case was dropped in October.

Epstein and his associate, British-born socialite
Ghislaine Maxwell, were alsoaccused in a 2015
federal civil suit of organizing underage sex par-
ties on his private plane, nicknamed “The Lolita
Express,” and at Epstein’s various homes.

Maxwell, who has never been charged with
wrongdoing, has denied allegations made in

Jeffrey Epstein

the lawsuit that she was Epstein’s “madam.”
The suit, filed by victim Virginia Roberts, was
settled in 2017.

It was Epstein’s contacts with powerful and

famous people that first propelled him into the
public spotlight. In 2002, he flew former Presi-
dent Bill Clinton, actor Kevin Spacey, comedian
Chris Tucker and others to South Africa on his
private jet as part of a fact-finding AIDS mission
in support of the Clinton Foundation.

But Epstein, a Clinton donor who contributed
hundreds of thousands of dollars to Democratic
candidates and causes, realized that his Demo-
cratic connections weren't going to help him in
2006, when the federal prosecutor was Acosta,

a conservative Republican appointed during the
George W. Bush administration.

All-star attomeys

Epstein’s tactic: hire the most aggressive and
politically connected lawyers that his money
could buy.

At the top of his list: Kenneth Starr, a Repub-
lican icon because of his pursuit of Bill Clinton
during the Whitewater investigation, which led
to the impeachment (but not conviction) of the
president after it was revealed he had sex with a
young White House intern.

Like Acosta, Starr had worked at the presti-
gious law firm Kirkland & Ellis. Epstein also
tapped Jay Lefkowitz, also of Kirkland, who
worked as a domestic policy adviser and later as
a special envoy to North Korea during the George
W. Bush presidency.

Epstein also hired Bruce Reinhart, then an
assistant U.S. attomey in Palm Beach.

Fite photo by MIAM! HERALD

Reinhart, now a U.S.
magistrate, left the U.S.
Attorney’s Office on Jan.

1, 2008, and went to work
representing Epstein's
employees on Jan. 2, 2008,
court records show.

In 201.1, Reinhart was
named in the Crime Victims’
Rights Act lawsuit, which ac-
cused him of violating Justice
Department policies by switching sides, implying
that he leveraged inside information about Ep-
stein’s investigation to curry favor with Epstein.

Reinhart, in a sworn declaration attached
to the Crime Victims’ Rights Act case, denied
the allegation, saying he did not participate in
Epstein’s criminal case and “never learned any
confidential, non-public information about the
Epstein matter”

The U.S. Attorney’s Office has since disputed
that, saying in court papers that he did possess
confidential information about the case.

Contacted for this story, Reinhart, in an
email, said he never represented Epstein — only
Epstein’s pilots; his scheduler, Sarah Kellen; and
Nadia Marcinkova, described by some victims
as Epstein'’s sex slave. Reinhart also pointed out
that a complaint filed against him by victims’
lawyer Paul Cassell was dismissed by the

Kenneth Starr

See PERVERSION, next page

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_022210