From: Jeremy Rubin

Sent: 2/4/2017 4:18:58 AM
To: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]
Subject: Re: Greetings from Japan

Importance: — High

Are you around here?

@JeremyRubin

On Wed, Feb 1, 2017 at 7:56 PM, Jeremy Rubin 4 wrote:
Feb 12th.

@JeremyRubin

On Wed, Feb 1, 2017 at 7:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
how long will you be there?

On Wed, Feb 1, 2017 at 12:18 AM, Jeremy Rubin <g> wrote:
Hey Jeffrey,

Thought I'd check in and see what's up on your end.

- I've been watching closely Trump's appointees and there, he might be putting Balaji (a big
bitcoiner) as FDA head, and Allison seems to be somewhat in favor of something like Bitcoin. And
of course, Thiel has said that Bitcoin is what Paypal should have been... Curious to hear where
your head is at on this matter.

- Last week, | presented my research at Stanford's BPASE, it was well received. The most
interesting thing | came up with for that is an inverse-input contract; i.e., funds that are "locked" to
be spent only in the case where there are other funds that are not used in a specific way. An
example of something that could be built with this: a matching donation contract, where you agree
to donate your money to charity if someone else donates to charity, and you would not be able to
release your funds from that agreement until they use their funds not for charity.

- I'm in Japan this week, teaching a class to 100 Japanese Engineers to get the up to speed on
bitcoin (with DG). It's very interesting to see the trepidation first hand that they have with respect to
the technology, despite their debit-based society being more geared for it in any case (DG felt that
even putting Bitcoin in the course name would scare away students). One of my friends (a hedge
fund manager) told me that female japanese engineers are very good, and drastically under-
valued. | made sure to get a few invited to the class, we'll see if he’s right. On the whole, it will be
interesting to see the caliber of engineer Japan has to offer on this front.

Best,

Jeremy

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029090