By Keith Larsen | October 11, 2018 06:15PM

Palm House Hotel, Related Companies Stephen Ross600
An affiliate of the Related Companies has emerged as the initial bidder for the Palm House Hotel as the
failed condo-hotel project heads to a bankruptcy auction.

The stalking horse bidder, RREF II PALM HOUSE LLC, has the same address as Related Companies in
New York and is led by Related Companies Managing Principal Justin Metz, according to a filing in U.S.
Bankruptcy Court. The company is offering $32 million for the property, which will set the floor price

for a bankruptcy auction scheduled for next month. Bids at the auction will start at $32.5 million.

The 79-unit condo-hotel project on Palm Beach Island stalled in 2014 and its former developer now
faces allegations of fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission and a group of EB-5 investors. In
August, the property filed for bankruptcy under its court appointed receiver with creditors claims totaling
$115 million.

Cushman & Wakefield’s Robert Given, Errol Blumer, Michael Mulkern and Robert Kaplan are the
exclusive marketing advisers for the property. The auction is scheduled for 10 a.m. on November 16,
2018 in West Palm Beach.

Given said he expects the property to sell for up to $40 million and it could be the last opportunity for a
developer to own a hotel in the wealthy enclave of Palm Beach. He said the next owner will likely not
redevelop the property. Instead, the best option would be to continue renovating the existing project

which could take more than a year to complete, Given said.

By auctioning the project through a bankruptcy sale, it will be offered free and clear from any liens. The
bankruptcy also means that the new owner will not have any responsibility for the issues stemming

from EB-5 investors who had invested in the property.

The 82,648-square-foot project was first developed in 1961 and expanded in 1981. The property was set
to be renovated by a group led by developer Robert Matthews.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_027068