Date: Friday, December 16 2011 06:41 PM

Subject: Approach Summary

From: Christina Galbraith -_ I ZZ 77 7 ___-

To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>;

Avackrren te: Picasso Overview_pdf.html; Untitled attachment 63876.htm; RepDef-Process-Deck_pdf.html; Untitled

attachment 63879.htm; company-overview_pdf.html; Untitled attachment 63882.htm

1. Optimizing good information to push down the negative: using new content (blog,
websites, press releases, public network profiles, google images, etc) and search engine
optimization. Changing the Wikipedia profile. Notes Wikipedia below.

2. Eliminating the bad information using prevalence and proprietary algorithms; redirecting
the way in which Google sequences your information (reassociating it with the positive
content). This is called off-page optimization.

3. Eliminating personal information (social sec, tel #’s, dob, addresses etc) from all public
and private directories.

COMMENTS:

Step 2 is critical otherwise one is just bailing water from an ongoing flood of negative press. By
realigning the algorithms (i.e. reinforcing positive associations with your name and weakening the
negative associations), one almost permanently seals up the water hole or at least closes it
significantly. This allows for Step 1 to be a onetime project (which will take 2 to 4 months approx.),
with just tweaking here and there down the road with updated content.

BEST PEOPLE TO USE:

You need people who eat, drink and sleep algorithms and search engine optimization. I’ve
researched several companies and the most skilled, discrete, award winning and comprehensive is
a company called, www.reputation.com based in Silicon Valley. See their attached docs for review.
Below are bulleted key points on them:

Lookup Page just creates web pages and will not solve your problem.

| would serve as a liaison between you and Reputation. | would monitor their progress and provide
them with all positive content that they need. They would make sure that the content has maximum
algorithmic potential. You could keep your positive content simple (using you Edge.org summary
which is good), or expand your content with updates on current science work and scientists. The
benefit of the former, is that it keeps you more anonymous. The benefit of the latter is that is
algorithmically associates you to a larger pool of known scientists, further pushing up positive
content. My advice would be to combine the two: a simple repetitive bio summary of you but with a
larger list of scientists added on. But | would ask the Reputation team about this: saying that the
main goal is to enhance anonymity and algorithmic associations at the same time.

WHY REPUTATION (in no particular order)

Represents numerous fortune 500 companies

clients in more than 100 countries

based in Silicon Valley

Featured on CNN, WSJ, Forbes, NY Times etc

Undisputed world leader in online reputation management

Prevalence and proprietary algorithms to drive positive search results to the top.
Intimate knowledge of search engine optimization.

200+ employees

Patented Internet technology

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025233