from page 24

completions
& refurbs

speaking with a potential 787 customer
who is a repeat client,” said Jonas, “and
the talks are pretty far along.”
Greenpoint Technologies is cur-
rently modifying two 747-8s delivered
from Boeing and installing the center’s

StandardAero in Springfield, ill. does major
refurbishment on large- to small-cabin jets.
“Anything that can be done with an interior, we do
in Springfield,” says StandardAero’s Scott Taylor.

Aeroloft rest area in each before further
delivery of the airplanes to other comple-
tion centers for outfitting.

The Aeroloft is located in the area
above the main deck and aft of the
upper-deck, forward lounge in the
executive 747. It was designed, engi-
neered and is built by Greenpoint. The
center is licensed by Boeing to do the
necessary modifications and installa-
tion. It will receive EASA certification
this year and adds 393 additional sq
ft to the 4,786 ft in the main deck and
upper lounge.

Sloan Benson, executive v-p at
Greenpoint, said interest is growing in
the Aerolift elevator it designed for the
747-8. “We're expecting to book one
later this year.”

Greenpoint has contracts to modify
three more 747-8s for the Aeroloft. Two
of them, like the first two, will go on to
other centers for installation of the Aer-
oloft kit and for the full interior com-
pletion. A fifth green 747-8 will arrive
next year and remain at Greenpoint for
full outfitting. It will be the Kirkland,
Wash. center’s first green completion
of a twin-aisle airplane, an appropriate
way to mark Greenpoint’s 25th anniver-
sary in the business.

Gore Design Completion delivered
two twin-aisle airplanes in 2011: a 767 to
a central Asian head of state and a 777.

Kathy Gore Walters, co-founder and
president, said the company expects to
deliver its first BBJ3 in June for a Middle
East client, and in the same month to turn
over an ACJ320 for a central Asian client.
Later this year, Gore design expects also
to deliver two ACJ340s.

Pats Aircraft Systems continues to
install its FAA-certified auxiliary fuel sys-
tems in BBJs. “We’ve done more than 140
aux fuel systems installations on behalf
of Boeing,” said senior v-p of sales and
marketing John Eichten.

jtinues on page 28

SKYTHEATER TAKES MOVIES TO THE MAX

Earlier this year, a flying theater rolled up
to the Signature FBO on Teterboro Airport's
south side in the form of a Global Express
XRS equipped with an entertainment system
called SkyTheater. With it came SkyTheater
founder Gregg Launer, 52, a friendly bear of a
man who tries for modesty but whose enthu-
siasm spills close to hubris when he describes
the custom-built entertainment package as
being to the average movie experience what
Sofia Vergara is to simply being female. Launer
is something of a likeable version of Steven
Jobs. His knowledge in the world of sound is
such that he frequently stops and searches his
vocabulary for language that the average lis-
tener will understand. And frequently failing,
he will offer an apology and start over. In his
own circle, he is often described by clients as
a genius. To lesser human beings, his thoughts
seem to run like a pinball through the random
light and sound of an arcade game, with a pur-
pose difficult to recognize.

“I'm a true audiophile, and what I’m
building is a sensory experience that will so
completely absorb my clients that it becomes
reality and they lose themselves in the world

that the director or cameraman or composer

PHOTOS: KIRBY J. HARRISON

SkyTheater founder Gregg
Launer put nearly 1,000
movies into a Global
Express Aved.

any

created,” he explains.
build every system as if it
were going into my own
airplane. | want to impress
even myself, and I’m my
own worst critic.”

His earliest memories
are of music and the-
ater and lying awake in
bed and listening to leg-
endary DJ Cousin Brucie
lay down a cascade of rock and roll on New
York's powerhouse WABC. Even decades
later, one of his favorite toys at home is a
Rock-Ola Jukebox. “When you listen to Dean
Martin, or Elvis, or Chuck Berry on a jukebox,
you're hearing rock and roll the way it was
made to be heard,” he avows.

And he recalls a summer when his parents
took him on vacation to the Deauville Beach
Resort in Miami Beach, where The Supremes
were performing. “They were in the room
across the hall from us, and Mary Wilson and
Flo Ballard shared a cabana next to ours. | was
too young to attend the show, but the resort
manager had mercy on me, took me by the
hand and put me in the front row.”

By the age of 18, Launer held a first-class
radiotelephone license from the FCC and by 19
was an audio engineer producing music tracks
at NBC in Miami. And along the way, he also
indulged what he describes as his alternative
passion of flying, picking up his private license
and going on to become a flight instructor.

At the age of 32, he and wife, Blanche,
formed a company that two years later became

26 Aviation International News ¢ July 2012 ¢ www.ainonline.com

SkyTheater. And as if life had determined to
create a movie script for him, Launer’s first cus-
tomer and later friend was Alexander Zuyev,
the pilot who defected in spectacular man-
ner from the former Soviet Union in 1989, at
the same time delivering a MiG-29 into west-
ern hands. “He loved America and would have
the most incredible Fourth of July parties. But
instead of beer and burgers, he would serve
vodka and caviar. It was his belief in me that
helped launch SkyTheater.”

Getting Off the Ground

Launer’s first theater in the sky was for busi-
nessman and entrepreneur Wayne Huizenga
of Blockbuster and the airplane was a BAC
1-11. Then came a Boeing 727-200 and Launer
was off and running.

It was a time when digital technology
was in its infancy and the reliability was still
in question. So Launer devised a way for all
the soundtracks to play through a single sys-
tem (either 7.1 or 5.1 surround sound), with
19-inch touchscreen, video monitor/control-
lers throughout the cabin and two 43-inch
plasma monitors. “Ten years later,” claims
Launer, “that airplane was still state of the art.”

In the late 1990s some of those working for
producer/director George Lucas’ Skywalker
Ranch happened to listen to the SkyTheater
system Launer had installed in the 727. He was
immediately recruited and spent the next two
years—off and on-there, working and learning.
Launer remembers being “incredibly fortu-
nate” to be part of a group that was “setting
the standards that still exemplify visual film
and movie soundtracks today.”

A pouang farmer cet et to final hi

destiny afer accudemtaly
nipreeping a capnerl princeaa's —

In the meantime, Launer had formed a Sky-
Theater partnership in Fort Lauderdale with
friend and fellow traveler Andrew Guenther,
who owns Advanced Audio Design, a home-
theater firm in Sarasota, Fla.

“He handles a lot of the equipment and
designs the electronics that make everything
work. Andrew does a guy’s home theater, and
if the guy owns an airplane, SkyTheater does
the cabin entertainment,” says Launer.

Guenther’s talent and influence is such,
claims Launer, “that high-end audiovisual elec-
tronics manufacturers will often come to him
for his input before introducing some new
technology at a major trade show.”

Among Guenther’s home theater custom-
ers are movie actor John Travolta, basketball

“

coach Pat Riley, singer Gloria Estefan “and
more who prefer not to be named,” he says.
Though focused on two different theater
markets, Guenther and Launer are involved
together in a music project designed to

“recruit and produce live venues for musicians

atinues on page 28

Goodrich Near Completion

Last year, United Technologies
agreed to the acquisition of Goodrich
in a deal that called for UT to shell out
$16.5 billion cash and assume $1.9
billion in assumed debt. The acquisition
by UT was to be finalized by the end of
last month.

The acquisition would bring to UT
Goodrich’s rapidly growing interi-
ors business, much of it acquired by
Goodrich in 2010 from DeCrane Aero-
space. Goodrich describes the seating,
cabin management and entertainment
systems and cabinetry as part of its
“total cabin capability” for everything in
business jet cabin components.

Leather and Lace
Comes from Edelman

Edelman Leather has introduced a new
Leather & Lace line, inspired by the work
of artists from the studios of Belgium,
Hungary and Slovakia and transferred
through the use of laser etching and
cutting technology.

Inspired by the die-cut felt work of Jas-
per Morrison, the Dutch designers have
introduced to the Moooi, Broog and Vitra

Edelman’s new Leather & Lace line isa
new play on age-old craftsmanship from
Belgium, Hungary and Slovakia.

lines hauntingly elegant chandeliers by
Diller Scofidio & Renfro for Swarovski,
and the collections of Prada, McQueen,
Louis and Lanvin.

Edelman’s artists describe the results
of this new line on its Cavallini hair-on
hides as “chic and fun.” Other leath-
ers appropriate for the Leather & Lace
designs include Napoli and Royal Suede.

Metrica Aviation Makes
Move at Nuremberg Airport

Maintenance, repair and overhaul
specialist Aero-Dienst, in the process
of increasing its usable space at
Germany’s Nuremberg Airport with
another hangar, has added 27,000 sq
ft and considerable refurbishment
expertise through a partnership with
Metrica Aviation Interior.

“We are now able to offer an
operator interior repair and refur-
bishment simultaneous with other
maintenance, all under one roof,” said
Aero-Dienst managing director Mar-
tin Bauer. The two companies began
working together in January this year
and Metrica has already completed
several refurbishments.

Metrica is an established business, a
subsidiary of Qatar’s Ghanim bin Saad al
Saad and Sons Group Holdings.

Sor itinues on page 28

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_030013