From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 7/23/2016 8:41:23 AM
To: Joscha Bach a |
Subject: Re: Mechanisms for learning

Importance: — High

gender differenece. unlikely motivational. every cell is different. size is didfferent. .

the more radical idea is that brains are the nucleus of the human" cell: the body the membrane, . the
organizm the colletcions and interactions of brains. wisdom of crowds . mirroring. etc. . money used
as signals. as is spoken language.. what does social behavior mean , it is the cooridiation of indiv brains. =

I think that mathematics based thinking does not allow for censorship. money people concepts if they are
all math , then political correctness and their structures are only subsets of a larger group of thoughts. its not
emotinal for me.

On Sat, Jul 23, 2016 at 3:02 AM, Joscha Bach (> wrote:

Some thoughts I meant to send back for a long time:

no worry,  ifiunderstand correctly you are suggsting there are layers 1 through N . lets cal them L 1 -

Ln. there aretimesT 1-Tn/ and then conjecture that changing the time . correlations ( by genetic swtch or
other method. , you might be able to make blacks smarter by changing the time for motor layer

development and changing the time for other layers. .). like telemeres for the cell , are their equivalents for
the layers. . as you talked about culling the unused neurons in each layer, each neuron in each layer would get
dfferent ( kill yourself if you are not being used instructions ).

Exactly. I looked up the statistics, black kids in the US have slower cognitive development (and never catch
up), which the study of course attributed to social factors without any evidence, and they had faster motor
development! I suspect this means their brains are slower at learning high-level concepts, because the low-
level structures are optimized for a shorter time. But they will keep the lead in motor development, because it
is easier to learn, and they have more time and attention to practice once they get the structures in place.

It could also be that they have an additional set of learning directives in place that adapts them better to a more
hunting/running style of life, whereas the Europeans had to adapt for identifying long-term seasonal patterns,
delayed gratification for agriculture etc.

and CONCEPTS could be layer to layer communicaiton. . are gender differences also a matter of time , and
structure of interactions. .

I suspect gender differences are mostly motivational, i.e. we have a reward system for all the different social
and cognitive needs, which makes us receive different kinds of pleasure and pain, thereby pay attention and
learn. You cannot learn what does not attract your attention. Women tend to find abstract systems, conflicts
and mechanisms intrinsically boring. Most women in computer science do not write programs because they
enjoy solving puzzles, but because they want to help people, get approval etc. There are almost no women in
math, because it does not help people or yield social attention.

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_026393