From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 1/27/2013 4:15:30 AM
To: Mohamed Waheed Hassani
Subject: Re:

itisascam.. what they willl tell you is the only thing they want is a vehicle and a bank acct and that you have
no risk in setting it up. if the money doesn't come in , you lose nothing,, afterwards howver they use all the
info you provide to try to defraud other people , saying , see , the govt of the maldives is our client and for only
250k , we can get you a piece of the action. _ there is a treasury fraud site , at the us treasury web page, . very
similar deals.

On Sat, Jan 26, 2013 at 10:49 PM, Mohamed Waheed Hassan , i i stsi‘(‘ié‘S wrote:

Jeffrey,

Need your advice.

My finance minister is telling me that he has an anonymous funds manager who is willing to deposit 4 billion
dollars in Maldives and that they are willing to lend a percentage of that in exchange for government
promissory notes. The 4 billion would be deposited in the Central Bank. But they want us to set up a special
purpose vehicle, a construction company fully owned by the government to receive the loan. Such a company
can only be set up under a presidential decree.

I am also told that the funds manager would be charging Maldives upfront a certain percentage of the amount
lent.

I don't feel I have enough information on this. I don't know who is this funds manager. They always want the
finance minister to meet them in Bangkok or some place outside. Why would anyone want to deposit such a
large amount here when we don't have a credit rating and public debt is so high. I feel very uncomfortable
about this.

What do you think I should do. Iam very uncomfortable. In addition to the finance minister, a leading
politician and leader of the coalition parliamentary group is behind it. He could be my leading contender for
presidency.

Does this sound all ridiculous to you. I have a strange feeling about this whole thing.

Best regards

Waheed

Sent from President's iPad

On Jan 18, 2013, at 5:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:

as chairman of the council of europe , he is really mr human rights, Im sure that if he can be of help, he will

On Fri, Jan 18, 2013 at 5:27 Mi i wrote:

| remember meeting Jagland at your place when | came with Sultan.
Sent from Windows Mail

From: Jeffrey Epstein
Sent: 18 January, 2013 2:40 AM

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_029680