From: jeffrey E. [jeevacation@gmail.com]

Sent: 1/20/2017 12:10:12 PM
To: David Grosof as
Subject: Re: Your Special Day

Importance: — High

pretty well

On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 7:02 AM, David Grosof Te 0:

Probability as a force rather than a what?

Didn't suss out the next word...

Watson's pretty wild and fun, if overconfident about some ideas about autism when I saw him talk ~4 years
ago on book tour @Google. I met him once through Gunther Stent, as well as Crick on another occasion.
Know him well?

Dz.

Please forgive typos. Sent from Android Nexus 6 phone.

On Jan 20, 2017 2:47 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:
1. is probability a force rather than a markter. if you look ata bell curve from scratch, it looks as if it
under a force pushing things towards the center. i think gravity might be just that. 2. all signals in nature
need to be envvyrpted so that the enemy cannot read. this includes inner signals that if you are aware of
, can give you up to your predator. so signals from the nose , my conjecture is that each person has its own
enxruption de encyption algorithm builtin. fyi having dinnner with Jin Watson.

On Fri, Jan 20, 2017 at 1:28 AM, David Grosof aaa wrote:

At 10:13 PM 01/19/17, you wrote:

all good.A A thx.A A areas of interest,A A A A distribuitionsA in nature..A AAA 2
deception.A 3.A sleep.4.A power. 5 money.A 6 music and the brain. 7 , signal intellignece in the
biologocal systems

Excellent alignment with some of my interests or those of people I like and think are smart!
The rest of the truncated message has been sent.

1. What's been stimulating as a source of good questions for the "distributions in nature" issue?

7. "Signal intelligence in biol. systems" seems to cover all of neurophysiology: Jonathan Victor, whom you
met a few years ago in your office, is powerfully thoughtful on the issues of neural coding. Are there specific
examples that have stimulated you to better questions or turned your thinking around?

6. Are you aware of apps that purport to play music to enhance productivity and focus on tasks at hand? My
buddy Reese Jones has backed that; he has a fascinating set of beliefs and projects around what may soon be
understood as "consciousness hacking." He's on the board of Singularity University as one of the founders.
(His father was a pioneer UCSF MD researcher of hallucinogens, I believe!)

More to come in a day or so.

Thanks!

You're up late or you're not so east of my SF location!
David

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_025169