Unauthorized redistribution of this report is prohibited. This report is intended for kaasha.saini@baml.com

Global Rates, FX & EM 2017 Year Ahead
Tectonic shifts

Our top 10 Rates, FX & EM trades for 2017

Short US Sy rates — Two and a half Fed hikes priced by the rates market for 2017-
18 are not consistent with aggressive fiscal easing promised by Trump.

Bankof America
Merrill Lynch

16 November 2016 Corrected

FX and Rates
Global

2. Short US 10y real rates — After the violent repricing of inflation breakevens, we
believe real rates offer better risk-reward to position for higher rates.
3. Buy USD/JPY — With the BO) pegging 10y JGB yields at zero, we expect this highly Se David Woo
interest rate sensitive USD cross will continue to be the biggest beneficiary of the eee ot ence oe
Trump win.
4. Sell a basket of Brazilian, Mexican, and Colombian long bonds — Positioning in J
- r r , Beth PBs David Woo
EM fixed income market remains crowded while liquidity is poor. FX, Rates & EM Strategist
MLPF&S

david.woo@baml.com

5. Sell BRL/MXN — MXN is oversold but BRL will likely be vulnerable to the divergent

5 , Ko ohh ‘ See Team Page for Full List of Contributors

paths between Brazil’s easing and the Fed’s tightening cycles.

6. Buy USD call/CNH put — President Trump will need a weak USD, but President Xi
needs a weak CNY. We believe risk premium for a collision course is too low.

7. Sell EUR/GBP - Brexit and Trump could bolster the anti-globalization parties in
Europe ahead of key elections next year.

8. Sell Eurozone 30y inflation breakevens — We think investors should take
advantage of the recent rally to sell into the December ECB meeting, which could
disappoint.

9. Sell EUR/RUB — Likely OPEC production cuts on November 30 and possible
sanction relief for Russia are bullish for the RUB, in our view.

10. Buy NZD/USD put spread — Spot NZD/USD is forming a head and shoulders top
pattern that suggests a decline will follow in 2017.

Trading ideas and investment strategies discussed herein may give rise to significant risk and are not
suitable for all investors. Investors should have experience in FX markets and the financial resources to
absorb any losses arising from applying these ideas or strategies.

BofA Merrill Lynch does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research reports. As a
result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the
objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making
their investment decision.

Refer to important disclosures on page 54 to 56. Analyst Certification on page 53. Valuation &
Risk on page 53. 11688515

Timestamp: 16 November 2016 05:30AM EST

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_014731