impressed a pupil’s father who then recruited: him to a job on Wall
Street. Epstein used his mathematical knowledge to develop complex
formulae that could be applied to financial markets, especially in the
area of currency exchange. He went on to form his own company and
began advising Leslie Wexner, the billionaire creator of the Limited
Brands group, which owns, among other extremely successful
companies, Victoria's Secret and La Senza. Some on Wall Street believe
that Wexner is the source of Epstein’s fortune, although the version
Epstein seems to prefer is that he advises a number of very rich clients.
Intriguingly, he is said to have a permit to carry a gun. Epstein’s talents
are not restricted to mathematics. He plays the piano to concert
standard (there is a nine-foot Steinway grand in his house) and he
cultivates Nobel Prize-winning scientists with whom he engages
in arcane conversation.

‘Ghislaine was totally in thrall to him, Rupert
Fairfax said: “The death of her father left a terrible
gap in her lifeand Jeffrey filled it. I remember seeing
them together in Aspen. Jeffrey was everything to
her. He lifted her up at a time when she was very
down.’ Ghislaine’s friends have asserted that she
desperatelyiwanted,toomartyEpsteiny but that their
romance turned into what one has described as ‘an
affectionate business relationship’. Epstein provided
Ghislaine with a home, a beaux-arts townhouse on
the Upper East Side close to his own residence. He
also gave her the wherewithal to run it in a grand
manner; she employed a substantial staff, including a
full-time butler and maid who had their own
quarters at the property. Ghislaine appeared effortlessly to establish
herself as one of New York’s leading socialites. Witness, for instance, the
party she threw for Allegra Hicks, the designer ex-wife of Ashley Hicks, a
grandson of Earl Mountbatten and second cousin of the Prince of Wales.
The 80 guests at Ghislaine’s house included Hollywood actor Matthew
Modine, at least one Rockefeller, a Radziwill and numerous
billionaires. After toasting the future of Allegra’s new shop in New York
with vintage Dom Pérignon, Ghislaine took her guests to the library,
where the books had been given fake spines with titles naming her
friends. The party, like many she hosted, was a triumph and her success
gave the slightly gauche Epstein a social entrée that had thus far eluded
him. She is credited with helping him forge a friendship with Bill
Clinton, among other figures of influence.

But even Epstein could scarcely have imagined she would create an
opportunity for friendship with a member of the British royal family —
Prince Andrew, whom she appears to have met in London when he was

working at the Minstry of Defence. At the turn of the millennium,
Ghislaine and Andrew were hardly ever apart, enjoying eight different
jaunts together in the space of a year. In February 2000, they holidayed
in Palm Beach. Then they travelled to New York for a fashion show. A
month later, Andrew was back in New York at a fundraiser for the
London Symphony Orchestra, again accompanied by Ghislaine. A few
weeks after that, Andrew returned for another round of socialising with
Ghislaine. The following month, they met up for another holiday in
Florida. In the autumn, Andrew flew to New York, where he and
Ghislaine were spotted together. Just before Christmas, Andrew gavea
house party at Sandringham to mark Ghislaine’s 39th birthday. A few
weeks later, in January 2001, they were on holiday again, in Phuket.
What was going on? Was it a romance? No, said informed sources.
Because on at least five of the eight occasions when Andrew and
Ghislaine were together, Jeffrey Epstein was there as
well. Andrew invited them both to Windsor for the
Queen's birthday party. One of Epstein’s friends,
Nobel Prize-winning scientist Murray Gell-Mann,
said he understood that Epstein had given the
Queen financial advice.

After almost 10 years together, Ghislaine had
become what Epstein characterised as his ‘best
friend’. He once denied that she was on his payroll,
but Yatler's inquities suggest that her financial
interests lead directly back to Epstein. In 1995 a
company called Giislaiii@orpivas registered in
Florida, with offices at Epstein’s Palm Beach
address. Whenever Ghislaine is asked what she

does, she says she is managing director of a company called W@WAYOHE
SttaregyGroup, Not much is known about this company except that,
according to records, it is in the business of investment counselling.
That is Epstein’s area of expertise and closer inspection shows that New
York Strategy Group is just another part of his financial empire. So if
Ghislaine really does work for Epstein, what does she do?

There is, in fact, a clue buried in the court documentation from
Pennsylvania. In 2003 a writ was filed by Nelson Shanks, the celebrated
portraitist whose sitters have included Pope John Paul II, Ronald
Reagan and Diana, Princess of Wales. Shanks claimed that he had been
hired to paint the clothing billionaire (@3@WexnER his wife Abigail
and their children. Yet when Shanks finished the picture, Wexner
refused to pay for it, owing $339,000. When Shanks sued for his money
— successfully, as it turned out — he also named Jeffrey Epstein and
Ghislaine Maxwell. It was Ghislaine, he said; who had ‘approached him
and arranged the deal-with Wexner. Epstein'was also involved, he said. It

Below, from left, Ghislaine with Imran Khan; Keith Richards; and Yasmin Le Bon

HOUSE_OVERSIGHT_021093

a

A dale ul

Jobb Liga ti ioi abd