FD-350 (Rev. 5-8-81) |
6 (Indicate page, name of
newspaper, City and state.)
208 / The Palm Beach Post 4
Mount Clipping in Space Below) West Palm Beach, FL
Date: 8/4/2006 \
| Edition:
| Title: He was over 50 :
And they were girls
‘ Character
or
Classification: 31 E-MM-108062
Submitting Office: MM
H 50. And th irl
| fle was over JU. they were girls
F the women whom Palm Beach Jury should have decided vebicles were registered to to pri
police say a part-time town residen . oo : vate inv . Mr f
invited to his home and paid for if Epstein is a pedophile. denied knowing anything about it
sex acts were, in fact, women, the olice also note in their reports —
solicitation charge against Jeffrey that the state attorney's office of -
Epstein might feel more sufficient. But police interviews with five fered Mr Epstein a plea deal that
But, according to police records, alleged victims and 17 witnesses would have placed him on proba-
they weren't. He was over 50. And under oath, as well as phone mes- tion for five years, allowing him
| they were girls. u sages, a high h school transcript and ultimately to alk away with no
— . other items that police found from criminalrecordatal,
7 _ 1. searching Mr. Epstein’s trash and I asked Mr. Krischer's spokes-
ae. 16. . 7,234-square-foot waterfront home, man, Mike Edmondson, why the
kes Hvearold gins. 4 provide evidence that he knew the case ras referred to a grand jury in
Noa j a sho girls were teenagers. ‘stead of Mr. Epstein being charge
count for some- One girl couldn't show up when and facing a trial before a jury, And
; es thing — the dif Mr Epstein wanted because she shouldn't the victims credibility
ference between had soccer. Another time, Mr Ep- be a factor to determine whether a
cuisa prostitution and stein had to wait for his “massage” crime’s been committed, not wheth-
_vramer pedophilia. . session because the girl he wanted er a jury will convict? (After all, as
that Mr: Epstein, who was indicted "2S Stlln class Past of Mr Hpsteln, “Hes never de-
at ME Epstein, WAO Was iC Why didn’t State Attorney Barry +95) OF Nit. 2 y :
last month by é grand jury ft one Krischer let a jury decide whether nied girls “iv. T to the ag a de
felony count of so icitation 0 pros- to believe the teenagers — in- specia ly, aske Mr Edmond.
titution, has not been charged, as ciuding a 16-year-old who went to subli look ot thi y d think
Palm Beach police strenuously jr Epstein’s house to “work” in pu ic ok at is case an a i K
urged, with unlawful sex acts with December 2004 after being asked F = the w althy a a af x the rest
a minor. and lewd and lascivious whether she needed to make money for the wei and one fo
© Conviction of crimes against mi- ane orators nave greater weight Mr. Edmondson said jhe could
| nors would mean steeper penalties : : “ not comment on the case because it ©
| than the maximum five-year prison to the details Mr Dershowitz Pro" is active, but on the latter point, he
term Mr. Epstein faces if convicted vided bow the girls man appar offered, for the sake of “philosophi-
of the single count of felony solicita- Dershowitz pointed out to pros ect. cal debate”: “Whether wealth buysa >
tion, It also would help carryames- joa ot some of the teenagers had different standard of justice across e ‘y/o j
sage of intolerance to pervertswho 4 ired on m yspace.com about mari- the country the answer to that
° Prosecutors did not aie charg- he ooscarcll Royal Palm But in this case, he said “regard
es against Mr Epstein reflecting vyear® . f the battery of attorneys, the
the age of the victims because they Beach woman who told police she less of tt would be the same, Every '
assumed a jury would view the girls recruited girls for Mr. Epstein has i... that was debated in public was
not as victims but as promiscuous, @ Web page on myspace.com that goa in our office before this ‘
untrustworthy, willing participants, features, one girl ysing the name C2.° vent tothe grand jury” :
The presumption is offensive. . : a tavictime
Mr. Epstein, a 53-yearold Man- _— Although no charges of witness crcikility tat ried warniphiaened
hattan money manager who has tampering have been filed, the par- that di tion!
hired Harvard law professor Alan ents of at least one of the teenage ‘4! eserves questioning. i my
Dershowitz and defense attor victims complained to police of be- Elisa Cramer is an editorial writer for 3 E Me | 0%
ney Jack Goldberger, has denied ing followed and intimidated by two The Palm Beach Post. Her e-mail 03956-70
knowing how old the girls were. men. Police determined that their address is elisa_cramer@pbpost.com  . -q
EDO T-OGR-00028906
