Personal Characteristics

Friendships. Despite his success, Jeffrey has maintained close
relationships with several of his friends from his boyhood on Coney Island. Each of
these friends attest to the loyalty, generosity, and accessibility Jeffrey has always
accorded them.

Kathleen Lindman of New York City, for example, wrote as follows:

It?s di?icult to express how much Je?i'ey?s ?iendshio has meant to me
over the course of my hi?z, but he is nothing short of being my guardian
angel. I have been blessed with a lifelong ?iend who regardless of the
stresses of his own work and life, always makes time to listen and talk to
me with gentleness, wisdom and humor.

I 've watched Jejj?i?ey grow ?om boyhood into one of the hardest working,
responsible, and generous men I know. For instance, when the time came
to send my son to kindergarten, I wanted him to get the best possible
education but our local public school was a failure and my husband and I
couldn ?t a?ord to send him to an independent school. Jej?ey understood
how much I valued education, and empathetically volunteered to cover the
costs of our son 19 education. This past June, our son graduated from
Columbia University with honors, and it would not have been possible
without Je?rey ?s long term commitment and generosity.

Terry B. Ka?ca of Dallas, Texas, another friend who has known Jef?'ey since
1958, wrote:

From the time we were junior high school students, when it seemed I was
always in need of math and science tutoring until today, when I ?equently
call upon him for business advise, Je?i?ey has always drapped what he
was doing to listen and help. . . .

I am aware of Jeffrey ?s contributions to charitable causes and programs.
that he believes will make a difference to mankind and society many of
which are ?ankly over my head. On a personal level, I can attest that he
is also caring when it comes to his ?iends. I recall a few years ago when
he spent a good amount of on-on-one time with my 19 year old son Philip
to help him sort out academic problems he was having.

Warren Eisenstein, O.D., also of Dallas, Texas, another long-time friend from
Jeffrey?s youth, recalled a number of ointly shared experiences from their younger days,

including the fact that they both drove New York City taxicabs during college summer

Public Records Request No. 19-372

