and ?can?t wait to buy some . . . I can?t . . . (Hold on: let me
say that again) I can?t wait to buy some weed! l. . . I also want to get a
vaporizer so I can smoke in my room because apparently there are ?narcs?
everywhere?. - also posted a photograph of a marijuana signature and
labeled it "what heaven looks like to me". This information and supporting
documentation was provided by the defense to the PBPD, was not included in
the Police Report or probable cause af?davit and never released to the ublic
(although there is both a ?eeting reference in the Police Report to use
of marijuana with her boyfriend (at page 67) and in the probable cause
af?davit to - marijuana -at pages 10-1 

 

Lies. Alleging Defense Investigators Impersonated Police

icers. During the course of the investigation by the PBPD and the State?s

Attorneys Of?ce, the defense was noti?ed that a witness claimed that defense
investigators had impersonated police of?cers in an effort to get her statement.
The defense subsequently concluded that these accusations were made by-
(A reference to this accusation was included in the Police Report (at page 67)
and the probable cause af?davit). Defense counsel immediately questioned
the investigators and learned the accusatiOn was baseless. The investigators?
notes, which describe the investigators? conversation with-efute any
claims of police impersonation. These notes, which were freely reproduced
for the PBPD, demonstrate that the investigators gave-a business card
clearly identifyng them as private investigators. The notes provide
contemporaneous evidence that - initially declined to speak to the
investigators because she said she ?does not speak to cops?, to which the
investigators responded they were not ?cops?. Despite having this
information from defense counsel, the PBPD failed to include it in the Police
Report or probable cause af?davit, including onlyHantastic, and false,
claims and that defense counsel was investigating a egations.

18.

   

 

olice Contacts Drug 3, Alcohol. Running Awav From
Home. has a history of running away/tuming up missing

from her parents? various homes; of using drugs and alcohol' and of
associating with unsavory individuals. For example, a 

Report details ho ming to Florida ?om
- to live with her father, on olice were called to the
home after her father re orted that er_vere missing.

As it turned out, the had voluntarily absented themselves. They stayed
out all night and were retu?ied home, drunk and hi a helpful ?drug

dealer?. This event coincided by a few days with ?having been found
at an ?ina ropriate location? by police who this time were called by
?mother because of yet another unexplained absence. Although this

information, material to determining credibility, was provided by the defense

 
 
 
  
  
  

 

 

7 Public Records Request No. 19-372

