LAW OFFICES OF
GERALD B. LEFCOURT, RC.
(212) 737-0400

PRIVILEGED CONFIDENTIAL
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT

MEMORANDUM
DATE: December 20, 2006

FROM: Gerald B. Lefcourt
Sheryl E. Reich
Faith .A. Friedman

TO: Jeffrey Epstein
FILE

SUBJECT: Impeachment Material

 

Set forth below is some of the information that demonstrates that the Palm
Beach Police Department made a materially incomplete and materially
inaccurate presentation of the facts in both the probable cause affidavit and in its release
to the public of the Police Reports, and why the State Attomey?s decision to proceed
as it did with respect to the bringing of any charges against Jeffrey Epstein (?Epstein?)
was not inappropriate.1 Note, though the Police Reports are on various dates, since they
were released to the public with continuous pagination, we refer here simply to the
?Police Report? and use the numbering provided in the version disclosed to the public.

I. Inaccuracies and Material Omissions from the Police Reports

1. Polygraph Examination and Report. On May 2, 2006, Epstein submitted to
a polygraph examination in which he was asked whether he had ?3
contact with Whether he ?in anyway threaten[ed]

whether he was told by ?that she was 18 years
old?; and whether he ?believed was 18 years old?. As set
forth in the Report of the examination, 6 term ?sexual contact? was given an

extremely broad meaning in order to capture any inappropriate conduct that
could have occurred.2 The results of the examination con?rmed that no
such conduct occurred; Epstein never threatened 
told Epstein she was 18 years old; and Epstein believed

 
 
 

 
 
  

 
    
 

was

  

 

1 This memo is not exhaustive of facts of which the defense is aware. Nor is it exhaustive of
Epstein?s defenses to the accusations.

2 The de?nition included: ?sexual intercourse, oral sex acts (penis in mouth or mouth on vagina),
finger penetration of the vagina, ?nger penetration of the anus, touching of the vagina for sexual
grati?cation purposes, touching of the penis for sexual grati?cation purposes, masturbation by or
to another, touching or rubbing of the breasts, or any other physical contact involving sexual
thoughts and/or desires with another person?.

Public Records Request No. 19-372

