was employed at a?in Florida. On October 28, 2005,
some three days aftm was caught by a
empte to cave store w1t merc an ise in her urse,

manager as-att

the security tag still attached. (According to a report of the incidenthwas
found ?kneeling on the ?oor digging through her purse?. As the manager
approached, -?pulled out a pair of black SLT panties that had the sensor
on them?.) Seeing the manager, -claimed ?someone is trying to set me
up?. Following an internal investigation, which disclosed additional thefts
from both the store and a customer, she was ?red. (In addition to the theft
above, she was seen by co-workers with store merchandise in her car; she was
believed to have engaged in a fraudulent ?return scheme?; and she obtained a
pair of shoes from another store in the same mall by exchanging them for a
pair of just purchased men?s shoes inadvertently left behind by a customer).
In a recorded interview by a Loss Prevention manager, -?admitted to
merchandise theft of $209 [and asserted] ?that her reason for stealing was that
she understood she was not getting paid enough and was struggling
?nancially?. This information and supporting documentation was duly
presented to the PBPD, but was never included in the Police Report or
probable cause af?davit, and never released to the public.

 
 

    
   

 

 

14. Lies on MySpace About Store
ermination. Also uncovered by defense mves 1ga ors was

 

dissembling version of the ?debacle on her ?MySpace?
webpage. There announced that she . . forgot to let everyone know I
quit my job at ey said they suspected me of ?causing losses to their
company? which by the way is bullshit. I was ?by the bookin. that of?ce that I handed the Loss
Prevention lady back my keys and walked out?. That story is not reconcilable
with the taped confession. This information and supporting documentation
was provided by the defense to the PBPD, but was not included in the Police
Report or probable cause af?davit and never released to the publiclication. Additional
information on MySpace webpage located by defense investigators

16.

casts further doubt on her credibility and undermines her ability to be a
witness. For exam le she boasts to having engaged in a fraudulent scheme to
get hired by?explaining, ?Oh, it was so funny I used [my

boyfriend] as one my re erences for '0b and the lady
called me back and told me that ave me such an outstanding
reference that she did not need to ca anyone se backthe job!

Just like that . . .I lied and said he was the old stock manager at she
bought it. . This information and supporting documentation was prov1ded
by the defense to the PBPD, but was not included in the Police Report or
probable cause affidavit and never released to the public.

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

Boasts About Her Mariiuana Use. Also on her MySpace
we page can be found admissions of iurchasing and using marijuana

and marijuana paraphernalia. Speci?cally, states she is ?19 years old?

6 Public Records Request No. 19-372

