that it captured images of -nd others. (See probable cause
af?davit at page 18). In particular, the probable cause af?davit notes that ?on

the ?rst ?oor of the Epstein residence . . . [was] found two covert cameras
hidden in clocks. One was located in the garage and the other located in the
library area behind Epstein?s computer. . . . the computer?s hard drive was
reviewed which showed several images of? and other witnesses
interviewed. All of these images appeared to come from the camera
positioned behind Epstein?s desk?. (Id) Omitted from the Police Report and
the probable cause af?davit is the fact that the PBPD had known since 2003
about the presence of the cameras, and the speci?c reason for their installation.
The cameras were installed in 2003 after Epstein discovered that large sums of
cash were missing from his home. Indeed, not only were the cameras
installed at the suggestion of the PBPD, but the PBPD initially provided
equipment that did not work and thereafter assisted in the installation of the
equipment Epstein purchased. The cameras ultimately served their purpose
and captured the image of former employee Juan Alessi, removing cash from
Epstein?s briefcase after unlawfully entering the house. The recording of
Alessi was turned over to the PBPD indeed, to Det. Recarey himself. The
characterization of the video equipment either as a surprise to the PBPD or as
playing a part in the alleged sexual activity in Epstein?s home (even though
none of the complainants ever made any mention of such equipment, or ever
placed any activity in the locations of the cameras), is false and misleading
and suggests an intention to portray the facts to suit a particular goal.

Broken ?Sex Tors? in Epstein?s Trash. The Police Report details police
?nding in Epstein?s trash what is described as pieces of ?sex toys? and that
these ?discoveries? purportedly corroborate witness statements. Omitted from
both the Police Report and the probable cause af?davit is the fact that during
the course of executing the search warrant on Epstein?s home, the police
realized that a key ?sex toy? was in fact the broken handle of a salad server.
Though the ?sex toys? play a prominent role in the Police Report and probable
cause af?davit, the Police Report was never amended to re?ect the discovery
of this new and highly relevant evidence.

Failure to Consider Exculpatorv or Imneaching Evidence. Other
exculpatory and impeaching evidence known by the PBPD was omitted from
the Police Report and probable cause af?davit by, in our view, manipulating
the date the investigation was allegedly closed. According to the Police
Report (at page 85), Det. Recarey ?explained [to ASA Belohlavek] that the
PBPD had concluded its case in December of 2005?. That assertion, which is
false, conveniently resulted in the omission of all information adduced
subsequent to that date. Thus, though the Police Report in fact contains
information obtained after December 2005, the PBPD escaped having to
consider, or even to include in the Police Report, the probable cause af?davit,
or what it released to the public, all the exculpatory and impeaching evidence
presented on behalf of Epstein, most of which was provided after December
2005. That evidence is listed below.

3 Public Records Request No. 19-372

