disciplined in business and conscientious. A man always quick to help
someone who is down, or to offer an opportunity to someone to pursue a
dream or a goal.

Generositv to Educational. Wellness, Civic and Scienti?c Organizations. Jeffrey
has been extraordinarily generous to a host of educational, wellness, civic, and scienti?c
organizations. Between 2000 and 2006 he donated personally, through his business and
interests, and through foundations he had established,2 a total exceeding $16,000,000.
The good generated by his largesse is suggested in the following examples.

Jeffrey has been a benefactor to a number of educational institutions, but perhaps
none more so than Harvard University. One example arose out of a need of the Jewish
community at Harvard to have a new Hillel Center built to foster Jewish social and
religious life at the university. The fundraising campaign was having dif?culties when
Henry Rosovsky, then Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences, decided to approach

Jeffrey. Rosovsky wrote:

At this point I approached Jeffrey and Suggested that a $2 million g?
would allow him to have his name on the building. It seemed to me a
tempting proposition. To get your name on a Harvard building is a rarity
and the cause was worthy. I do not remember all the subsequent details,
but in essence this is what happened

Je?i?ey told me that he would raise the naming gift and that he certainly
did not want his name on the building. Leslie Wexner would also
participate and he did not want his name on the building. Indeed, he had
decided by himself or jointly with Wexner that my name should be on
the building because I had been associated with the institution for such a
long time. I ?illy recognized the generosity and modesty of this suggestion
and greeted it with mixed feelings. I did not feel deserving of this honor
but without the Epstein? Wexner participation there would have been no
building. In truth, without Je?i?ey?s intervention there would have been no
new building and that would have been an enormous loss to the

community.

The building that now stands on the Harvard campus is the Riesman Center for Harvard-
Radcliffe Hillel at Rosovsky Hall. This example is instructive because it also suggests a
noteworthy aspect of Jeffrey's giving: to the extent that it is possible, Jef?'ey wants his

 

2 The Jeffrey Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc. and the C.0.U.Q. Foundation.

Public Records Request No. 19-372

