years old. Though the results of the examination were given to the PBPD and
the PBPD was given an opportunity to meet with the polygraph examiner in
order to satisfy itself as to the bona?des of the exam, representatives of the
PBPD inexplicably declined to attend the meeting and no information
concerning the fact of the exam or the results appeared in the Police Report;
the probable cause af?davit; or the public release.

Meetings with the State Attornev?s Of?ce. On multiple occasions, defense
counsel met with prosecutors and investigators in the State Attomey?s Of?ce.
Though there is vague reference to one or more meetings with defense counsel
(see, pages 64 and 87 of the Police Report), virtually no information
provided or evidence from witnesses proffered is included in the Police
Report or probable cause af?davit. Instead, there are misleading or false
references to such meetings. So, for example, at page 64 of the Police Report,
Det. Recarey claims he attempted to reach ASA Dahlia Weiss on December
20, 2005, but she was unavailable that day and for the entire week. In fact, on
December 19, 2005, Det. Recarey met with ASA Weiss and Epstein defense
attorney Alan Dershowitz a meeting at which Dershowitz provided evidence
impeaching ?(see below). This evidence included excerpts
from - MySpace.com webpage, which is not only unnoted in the Police
Report, but credited as having been found by Det. Recarey. (Police Report at
page 65.) In another example, the briefest reference is made to a conversation
Det. Recarey had on June 1, 2006, with ASA Belohlavek regarding a meeting
earlier that day between representatives of the State Attorney?s Of?ce and
defense attorney Jack Goldberger (Police Report at page 87). Omitted are the
facts of the meeting (Report at 87): In addition to the presence of other
defense counsel, there was in attendance both the polygraph expert who
administered the examination and a who had performed a rigorous
evaluation of Epstein and who concluded that Epstein was
healthy. Both men were made available for questioning by the State Attorney
and the unfortunately, the PBPD failed to attend the meeting. Nor is
there any mention of the presentation made defense counsel in which the
claims being made with respect to*(by then, the sole focus of
any potential prosecution) were rebutted.

  
 

The Video Surveillance Equipment Located in Epstein?s Of?ce and
Garaue. Both the Police Report (page 43) and the probable cause af?davit
(page 18) make particular mention of the PBPD having ?discovered? video
surveillance equipment, or ?covert (hidden) cameras? (as the PBPD refers to
them), at Epstein?s Palm Beach residence, speci?cally in Epstein?s garage and
library/of?ce. By its placement in the probable cause af?davit, it is clear that
the reader is intended to assume a link between this equipment and ?sex
objects? and that the cameras were used for an impr0per purpose. As the
probable cause af?davit states: Det. Recarey ?located a wood colored arrnoire
beside Epstein?s bed that contained a bottle of ?joy elly?, which is used to
provide a warm massage. Several massage tables were located throughout the
second ?oor of the residence, including a massage table found in Epstein?s
bedroom. . Indeed, much is made of the presence of this equipment, noting

 

2 Public Records Request No. 19?372

