in 2005 recognized Jeffrey?s generosity in assisting 27 students from 24 families to attend
the school who otherwise would not have been able to.

Perhaps the most unique area of Jeffrey?s philanthropy is his no?strings attached
support of scientists and mathematicians who are conducting ?bleeding edge? research.
As previously noted, Jeffrey has always had a deep interest in mathematics and science,
and is particularly attracted to research which focuses on the mathematical foundation of
life. By his own admission, he actively searches out scientists who are in the forefront of
such research, enjoys meeting and talking with them, and often supports their research
?nancially with the only proviso that they keep doing what they are doing. One example
of this is Murray Gell-Mann of the Santa Fe Institute, the Nobel Prize winning physicist
who predicted the existence of the quark and who later collaborated with Colleagues at
the institute on what has become known as Chaos Theory.

Another particular example is Martin A. Nowak, Director of the Program
for Evolutionary Dynamics at Harvard University. Dr. Nowak recently wrote:

Over the years Je?i-ey has taken a great interest in my research worls;
which deals with a mathematical description of biological processes. I
have had many ?uitful discussions with him. O?en he would ask
questions, which are surprising for me. O?en I feel that none of my
scienti?c colleagues would have asked that question, because we are too
engaged in our own narrow perspective. Jejjrey?s questions and
proposals are highly original and always surprising. Many of his
questions and ideas have led to highly successful research projects. For
example, many years ago Je?rey asked me about group selection, which
led me to the discovery of the first precise mathematical theory of that
topic. A bit later Je?rey made me think about interaction nearer-ks
between people. The result was evolutionary graph theory?, which is new
field of mathematical biology. Most recently, Je?iey discussed with me
complicated ideas about the origin of life and the transition ?om
chemistry to biology. The discussion also resulted in a highly successful
and completely new research project.

Je??rey has also ?nancially supported my research projects. He has
donated $5 00, 000 to the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, where
I have worked as Head of Theoretical Biology from 1998 until 2003. In
2003, Jejji'ey donated 5 00, 000 to Harvard University, where I work as
Director of the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics and Professor of
Mathematics and Biology. Both donations were meant to support my
basic research work without any strings attached.

10

Public Records Request No. 19-372

