Generosity to Employees and Others. While it might be commonplace to say that
a particular business person treats his employees as family, Jeffrey?s history clearly
re?ects this fact on both ?nancial and emotional levels. Jeffrey is a wealthy man who is
quick to share his largesse. But he is also a man who engages personally and emotionally
those who work for him and those he knows. Once he learns of and determines through
conversation a need or an aspiration of an employee, he explores this with the employee,
treats it in almost mathematical terms as a problem in search of a solution, and then sees
to it that, without strings attached, the solution happens. The issues may be
accommodations that an employee needs to address pressing personal or family
problems; tuition payments that an employee or employee family member needs to better
himself or herself; or assistance, both ?nancial and professional, an employee needs to
address the vexing and often tragic problems that life presents human beings. In this
capacity, he is a benefactor but quite often also a mentor.

Examples abound. One particularly poignant one was recounted by Darren K.
Indyke, general counsel to Jeffrey:

Two years ago, a building workman approached Je?rey with news that the
workman ?s wife needed a kidney transplant and that the workman ?s sister-
in?law was a willing donor. Unfortunatehz, the sister-in?law was a citizen
of Colombia and the workman did not have the ?nancial resources or
know how to get the sister-in-law into the country for the surgery. Je?iey
arranged for immigration counsel to expedite a visa for the sister-in?law
and sponsored and purchased the plane tickets for the sister-in-law ?5 visit
to the United States. The surgery was a success and both patients
recovered completely. The sister-in-law ?ew back to Colombia at Mr.
Epstein ?s expense. Last year, the workman and his wife celebrated the
high school graduation of their oldest daughter, whose college education
is now being funded by Mr. Epstein.

There have been many instances of accommodations Jeffrey has made for
employees so that they could address signi?cant issues of their personal lives. Several

examples foilow:

A father of one of Jeffrey?s employees in the Virgin Islands was recently
diagnosed with cancer. Jeffrey is personally paying the medical bills for
the father?s treatment and has given the employee ?nancial support and
complete ?exibility to take time off from work whenever required in order
to ?y to Florida to attend to the employee?s father.

11

Public Records Request No. 19-372

