9. was the source of the vast majority of the
allegations made about Epstein. While the Police Report and probable cause
af?davit rely on- numerous assertions, all but omitted is any reference to
the facts known about her by the PBPD, speci?cally, that at the time was
making these assertions

 
     
 

10. ?While the Police Report and probable cause af?davit
contain numerous assertions of omitted is reference to her
long history of contacts with law en orcement. Among those are multiple
runaway complaints by her parents and her assignment to a special high
school for drug abusers.

In addition to the prior criminal history of each of these critical witnesses, all of
which was omitted from the Police Report and probable cause af?davit, signi?cant
additional material information concerning the credibility of these key witnesses was
provided to the PBPD but never included in the Police Report, the probable cause
af?davit or the public release.

11.

    

?came forward? (as the probable
cause af?davit characterizes it at pages 10-1 1), claiming she had knowledge
of ?sexual activity taking place? at Epstein?s residence and misconduct by
Epstein. Thus, it becomes clear that-assertions of misconduct by
Epstein were likely motivated by a strong desire to avoid the repercussions of
her which should have been taken into account when
assessing her credibility as a witness.

12. ?Was 18 at the Time She Inaccuratelr Alleges to Have
En gaged in Sexual Conduct wit_h_Epstein. Epstein denies he ever had sex
with - However, even if he did, irrefutable evidence, in the form of a
credit card receipt, was presented to the PBPD and the State Attorney?s Of?ce
which demonstrates that any such encounters occurred at a time when
was already 18 years of age. (Indeed, it is our understanding that it was this
information, combined with the character and credibility problems presented
by the facts noted herein, that led the State Attorney?s Of?ce to conclude that
?as neither credible nor a proper complainant.) This information, though
own to the PBPD, was omitted from the Police Report, the probable cause
af?davit and the public release.

13. Steals From a An investigation by
private investigators working for the defense revealed that in late 2005-

 

 

5 Public Records Request No. 19-372

